Which U.S. state had the worst public safety in 2018?
Is there a relationship between favorite music genre and academic performance?
What is the northernmost station on the Chicago North Shore and Milwaukee Railroad?
When was Libya founded?
Who proposed topological space theory?
What was the first newspaper publisher to report on the ghost of Cock Lane?
When was the Mammal Society of Japan founded?
When did Patron originate?
Is "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning" a horror movie?
Does England have an indigenous religion?
Who began the Battle of Brandy Station?
How tall is Badr Hari?
Who is the founder of the Japan Industrial Counselor Association?
In the Japanese compulsory education system, from what year of school is history taught?
How did Jean Alesi meet his wife?
Who was killed in the Falklands War?
What is the name of the protagonist in Touchstone Pictures' movie Pearl Harbor?
What are the main industries in Utica?
When did Haile Gebrselassie make his marathon debut?
What is the reason that the spirit and mind were widely believed to be in the heart?
What was Tiberius Julius Caesar's religion?
Is flu vaccination mandatory?
What was Sir John Goth's religion?
Is the main character in the manga "The Five Star Stories" a god?
What was first viscount of Nelson, Horatio Nelson's father's occupation?
Why was the Treaty of Paris signed?
Are there ever magma eruptions from mud volcanoes?
How long ago did gential piercing originate?
At what age did Teru Daishi enter sumo training?
Who proposed white supremacy?
Was Seymour Roger Cray a computer engineer?
What kind of story is the novel "Duel?"
Who was the first king of ancient Egypt?
Is "No Longer Human: For Instance, If I Die" a parody of Osamu Dazai's "No Longer Human?"
What was Richard Rogers' debut work?
How big is the Apollo Guidance Computer?
Can I take the National Veterinary Qualification Exam without graduating from the Veterinary School?
What is the fastest ball speed recorded in the MLB All-Star game?
What was the longest running Sci-fi drama on Japanese TV?
Who developed the .44 Remington Magnum?
What color hair does the Marvel Comics character Siryn have?
Until when was the Seiba Moha 101 Train used?
Was Paulo Freire a Marxist?
What is "responsibility for war"?
Since when have women had the right to cabinet positions in France?
How big was Droeshout's portrait?
Where is the organization that handles Japan's National Security foreign diplomatics?
How long was Roanoke Island ruled as a colony?
Is it possible to die from pneumocystis pneumonia?
By what means are greenhouse gasses created?
What is New Belgrade's key industry?
What is Veracruz's key industry?
What did the hero Siegfried do?
How many countries were along the Silk Road?
How tall is Mt. Mauna Loa?
What is the largest organism with asexual reproduction?
Who directed "M.A.S.H."?
Was Béla Viktor János Bartók a man or a woman?
What kind of disease is Scopophilia?
When was Milfor Sound registered as a world heritage site?
Do humans still feel pain even if action potential does not occur?
What is Japan's largest ancient tomb?
Was Haus Habsburg-Lothringen a noble family?
Where was The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning filmed?
How many lives were lost at the Battle of Gloucester Point?
Where was Fujiyama Kenzan raised?
Does a theater car need to pass vehicle inspection to be used?
What is the oldest robbery recorded in Japan?
How long is the Chrystie Street Connection?
Do you need a certification for computer programming?
Where was Vespri Siciliani first performed?
Who directed "Sakura Ikazue and Inoue Masao's Norunrun Saturday Request"?
When was the sonata form conceived?
What variety of squash is used at Halloween?
What is the maximum capacity for Takatsuki-class destroyers?
How old was Charles Augustus Lindbergh when he first rode an airplane?
Was the perpetrator of the Nerima 300 million yen incident ever caught?
What is the earliest recorded train derailment?
Is the distribution of Cydia illegal?
What period did The Great Game happen?
Are there side effects to playing first person shooter games such as nausea?
What was the name of the first camera made in the Renaissance period?
What kind of part is the side chain part?
Who succeeded Feodor I of Russia?
What kind of oil was used to create the oil painting the Mona Lisa?
Who was the first ruler of the Kievan Rus'?
Is the Crest of the Stars set in the future?
Who is the progenitor of electiracal engineering?
Are anti-chinese policies taught in Japan?
Who was the first champion of 24 Hours of Le Mans?
When was Mongolia founded?
Where was Alfonso VIII of Castile from?
When was BTRON started?
Who provided the milk soup during the First War of Kappel?
What is a pattern-matching algorithm?
How big is the Arabian Sea?
How many times can the President of the United States serve his term of office consecutively?
What was the population of the Kingdom of Navarre at its peak?
How was admission at the first movie theater in Japan?
How many languages does Al Capone speak?
How many gods appear in Greek myths?
Who founded Settsu Province?
Which game console is "Mamatoto -a record of war-" played with?
What is the currency of the United Arab Emirates?
How many tons does the Spruance-class destroyer weigh?
Is there a direct flight from Osaka to Davao City?
How many battleships did the navy of the Kingdom of Italy make during World War I?
When did Hokkaido become a part of Japan?
What is the population of Lügde?
How old was Takanohana Toshiaki when he became a sumo wrestler?
What was the occupation of Joseph Steven Sakic after his retirement?
Do Japanese horses native to Hokkaido compete in horse racing?
Who was the first President of the Chilean socialist regime?
When was the first time you were diagnosed as an alcoholic?
When was debate introduced to job hunting in Japan?
Is "The New York Packet" still issued today?
How many people died in the War of the Pyrenees?
How old was James Terry Sanford when he became a politician?
Who gets bored easier, a child or an adult?
How many years did Vladimir Nabokov spend in Berlin?
When was Republika Srpska founded?
What genre is "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure?'
Who was the world's first neurosurgeon?
What was the business which Shutoku Shimizu started?
What was the first product that FCA US LLC developed?
Who judges criminal liability?
When did humankind begin saving?
Which university did Arthur Wightman belong to?
In what battle was the USS Hornet (CV-8) first used?
When was Mexico founded?
Who was the patron for the Burke and Wills expedition?
Who was the originator of fantasy novels?
Did ODA begin in postwar compensation?
Is there baptism in Buddhism?
Who is the founder of natural history?
Who led the Confederate Army in the Siege of Fort Pulaski?
How big is the Lamborghini Miura?
Who was the President of the Philippines in 2018?
Does Nico Erik Rosberg have dual citizenship?
How much did Cosmo Bulk weigh in its heyday?
When did argumentation begin?
What triggered the Franco‐Prussian War?
Does the Philippines have separation of church and state?
When was the nation of Mongolia founded?
Who was it that gave rise to words like erotic, grotesque, and nonsense?
What was Isaac Asimov's debut work?
When was Hayreddin Barbarossa born?
In the event of a disaster, who is responsible for search costs?
Who is the creator of "Space Battleship Yamato?"
What were the primary weapons used during the War of the Spanish Succession?
Who proposed that there are multiple universes?
When did dry beer originate?
Is the Soviet Union a communist state?
Who was in charge of the Japanese translation for the subtitled version of "New Cinema Paradise?"
How big is Trafalgar Square, London?
At what age did Yara Hiromichi pass away?
Was the painter Van Gogh alive during the Belle Époque era of France?
Who founded the Shochiku company?
What was the cause of death of Bhagwan Shree Rajneesh?
What ethnicity were the native people of Brazil?
Can a rainbow be artificially generated?
When did etching originate?
What kind of music is Eurobeat?
Has "Uncanny X-Men" ever been adapted into a movie?
Who was the last ruler of the Hetman state?
Who was the first scholar who advocated for the vertical social structure of Japan?
In international law, are there laws in place to prevent invasions?
Who proposed Preliminary Hearings?
Is there a model of the Gundam Series' Republic of Zeon in real life?
Can people ride in the March 792?
About when did mankind first cross the sea by boat?
Where is Dan Aykroyd of the Blues Brothers from?
Is it mandatory to participate in events at Japanese public elementary schools?
In 2018, how many incidents of plane crashes occurred in the world?
Where is the country that is figuratively referred to as the 51st state of the United States of America?
Where did minstrels originate?
What are the major industries of Urfa?
When was the Greek language invented?
What war was Admiral Kuznetsov first used in?
What came after the longest running ghost publication?
How tall is the Katsuyama Castle?
What was Kobayashi Ichizo's father's occupation?
Who was the scientist who discovered collagen?
What is Yuichiro Ueno's fastest recorded 10,000 meter?
Where is Lotus Car's first established factory?
Who was the first person to achieve a perfect game in Major League Baseball?
When was Odakyu Electric Railways' Shonandai Station first established?
Who had the first documented case of delirium tremens?
Where was environmental activist Irving Stowe from?
What foods are prohibited in Judaism?
What was the first battle that the Submarine "Seal" fought in?
Who discovered ferritin?
When was tobacco produced?
What is the size of Tomocho, Fukuyama in Hiroshima Prefecture?
Do horses have a higher ratio of slow-twitch or fast-twitch muscles?
Where was Robert Catesby from?
Where was Thomas McKean from?
Were there any deaths in the Kościuszko Uprising?
Was the Catholic faith used as a tool during colonization?
Who proposed America's Armstrong Act?
Do plant viruses infect animals?
Who was the first mayor of Lübeck?
When did Castro become president?
Where is Sam Raimi from?
What was the sentence for the perpetrator in the case of the murder of a former company president and his wife in Izumi City, Osaka Prefecture?
How many varieties of yellow are there?
Who invented the guillotine?
How was Brian Boru's personality?
Upon which game consoles can you play Seven=Fortress?
What is the minimum amount for stock trading?
What year is the Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense System expected to be completed?
Was a mountain bulldozed in the construction of Ōi Dam?
At what age did Michael Collins lead the independence movement?
Do time machines exist?
What event triggered the extinction of the dinosaurs?
Which side was the winner of the War of 1812?
What is the main religion in Gedern?
When was the thyristor invented?
What were the factors in the break up of the Soviet Union?
When was The Story of Little Black Sambo written?
Did Franz Peter Schubert have any children?
How can you check genes?
What is depicted on the 500 euro banknote?
What is the maximum speed of the Grey Reef Shark.
When was Shigeo Nagashima appointed manager of the Yomiuri Giants?
What was the date that Hanshin Electric Railway was established?
When were the Meitetsu 3700 series trains first put into service?
When was the Heidelberg Hauptbahnhof completed?
Which painter had the largest influence upon Johannes Vermeer?
What was China's average life expectancy in the 2018 fiscal year?
Has Marin Čilić played a match against Kei Nishikori?
When was pirfenidone first prescribed?
What was the price of the IBM 5550 when it first went on sale?
When was the word cosplay first used?
Is tempranillo produced in Japan?
From where did macaroni originate?
What was the first computer operating system to be developed?
Do express trains have a set number of toilets in proportion to the number of carriages?
What was the cause of death of Paul Revere?
What is the town in the United Kingdom with the smallest population?
Apart from Mary, mother of Jesus, what is depicted in the Dresden Triptych?
At what age did Xun Yu become a politician?
Has mass ever been conducted in the local language after Caucasians colonized Mexico?
From where did southern rock originate?
How many languages are there in France?
What was the global ranking of Israel's military strength in 2018?
When did trade begin in the Mediterranean?
Who was the first Roman Catholic pope?
What is the name of the leading character in Magadheera?
What is the spectator capacity of MetLife Dome?
When did Christianity first enter China?
What was Japan's first dynasty?
What was the role of Delaware and Hudson Railway as a subsidiary?
Is the main character of Kuro Ageha a gang member?
What is the origin of the word "yakuza"?
Are The Canterbury Tales set in the Canterbury located in Kent County?
What was the largest instance of corruption in the United States of America?
What animal is the Qilin modeled after?
How long were Japanese trains with the Marone 40 sleeper car in operation?
Who was the first Leader of the Liberal Democratic Party of Japan?
How old was William Brown when he died?
Who first developed SDRAM?
How did Husayn ibn Ali become a martyr?
What was Elisa Lam's academic major?
Who was the first Chancellor of the University of Cambridge?
Was George Orwell a science fiction author?
Who proposed the concept of the East Asian Community?
Does such a policy exist in Asia?
About how much cerebrospinal fluid does the human body contain?
How many people were killed in the Battle of Nicopolis?
What is the largest mobile suit in the Gundam series?
Who founded JVCKenwood?
What was the first team Adam Troy Dunn signed with?
What social activities did Joseph Beuys partake in?
Did the GHQ support the Humanity Declaration?
How many countries border the Baltic Sea?
Which general did the Maki clan serve during the Sengoku period?
What are the team colors of the Los Angeles Lakers?
Did the discovery of endogenous retroviruses lead to advances in the field of health care?
Where was the Halo series first released?
What is the skin color of the Sámi people?
How long did the Renaissance last?
Who were the pioneers of heavy metal music?
What was the first song broadcast on the Grand Ole Opry?
Are JSDF Reserve Self-Defense Officials contracted personnel?
What is the full name of the Akahori clan?
How large is the Bargello National Museum?
How large were Blue Trains in Japan?
What is the origin of the word "yakuza"?
When was the Japanese word for "wind music" first used?
Was Wired Equivalent Privacy sold commercially?
When was the United States Army Aviation Center of Excellence founded?
Who was the lord of Yoshida-Koriyama Castle?
Who wrote the story for Ace Combat 6: Fires of Liberation?
What was the size of the Ottoman army during the First Balkan War?
What was Michelangelo's final work?
Who first coined the term "inner city"?
When did horse racing begin in Mongolia?
Are indigenous religions still practiced in Scandinavia?
How many years has AEON Marche co.,Ltd. been in operation?
What was Haile Gebrselassie's personal best at 10,000 metres?
When did the Japanese children's game "Kagome Kagome" originate?
What region of Japan is experiencing the most severe depopulation?
What was the largest pre-dreadnought battleship?
What kind of beings were the unicorns in the film "Legend"?
What are the dimensions of the 180SX?
Is the American Mafia a family organization?
When was electrical power first generated?
Can dissociative identity disorder be treated by pharmacotherapy?
Who first proposed domain theory?
Did John Burgoyne make a play based on war?
Have solitary deaths only become a societal issue in Japan?
What was Peter Paul Rubens' last work?
Who was the founding mayor of Eppingen?
When was the Tachikaze class destroyer completed?
Has agrarian reform taken place in Poland?
What was the final part of Alex Smith's academic background?
What is an FPS or TPS game?
When did the publication of Kindai Mahjong Original start?
How many passengers can a Boeing 707 hold?
What is the main material of a gunto sword?
How many people died in the Battle of the Scheldt?
What is the difference between imprisonment and work duty?
Who was the founding leader of the general incorporated foundation of the Japan Boxing Commission?
When was Bute House completed?
When was Sanda-jo Castle completed?
May wild animals be fed artificially?
What are the materials of a ventricular assist device?
In how many countries is Swahili an official language?
What is Wim Hof's occupation?
When was the first traditional horse race held in the United Kingdom?
Who was the first prime minister of the republic of Paraguay?
Who was the founder of Volkswagen?
When did nobles come into being in the Kingdom of Poland?
In what kind of place do science communication experts work?
What is the world's smallest digital audio player?
When did Korean Airline's first plane crash happen?
Are there unincorporated areas that are only for native Americans?
How long is the Hudson River?
How many years did the Paleolithic period last for?
What is the difference between the right to remain silent and the right to refuse testimony when someone is under criminal arrest?
Can a full recovery be made form keratoconus?
Can human cells be cultivated?
Does Max Beauty have any offspring?
What is integral thought?
Do railway vehicles get replaced outside of normal business hours?
Where was the largest Kakure Kirishitan sect in Japan?
What is the life span of the Earth?
Who invented the chicane?
Where was Alija Izetbegović born?
What was the punishment given to the teacher in the Eastbourne manslaughter?
What is the official language of Württemberg?
What are the early symptoms of leukemia?
Is the prime minister Japan's head of state?
When was the International Commission on Illumination established?
What is the first Pokemon on the Pokedex?
Does a new series of the Gundam Series start once a year?
How many portable shrines are carried in the Gion Festival?
Who discovered the polynomial ring?
What was the first product sold by American Motors?
Since when have acts, as used in scripts for plays, for example, been a way of making scripts?
When did Christianity originate?
What was Joan Risch's occupation at the time of the incident?
Who won the men's marathon in the 2008 summer Olympics?
When was the fossil of the Hypacrosaurus discovered?
When did massage first become a business?
Was Chenin blanc artificially improved?
When did the fantasy novel first originate?
What is the origin of the name "Operation Anthropoid?"
When was the Hokuriku Rail Road Saha 1000 series train completed?
What caused the Great Depression?
Did the Belyayev circle perform classical music?
What is Johannes Erwin Eugen Rommel famous for doing?
What is Teresa Tang's academic background?
What sects of Christianity worship the Virgin Mary?
When was Hajime Hana and the Crazy Cats formed?
How big is the Chat G1tank?
What position did Shigeru Mizuhara play in when he was active?
How many countries make up Eastern Europe?
Who named the Hodge structure?
What kind of work did Juju Nakada's father do?
When did China become unified?
When was cancer first discovered?
How old was Tenryu Saburo when he first entered the sumo stable?
What was the maximum siesmic intensity of the New Madrid earthquakes?
Who won Clash of the Codes?
Was Shi Hu also a scholar?
Was the Dorygnathus a carnivore?
Is the linear motor car a levitating train?
When did the Wild Hunt first originate?
Is heavy equipment used to replace train cars?
What equipment are used for ballistic missile defense?
What is the world's first anti-tumor drug?
What is the origin of the Korean Liberation Army's name?
Where did the occult boom start?
What was the first game developed by Group SNE?
What is the size of the The Tokyo Waterfront Area Rapid Transit 70-000 series train?
How old was Kudo Heisuke when he wrote Aka Ezo fu setsu ko (A Study of Red Ainu Reports)?
Are the lungs of marathon runners larger than average?
What is the role of filial piety?
What is the area of Kazakhstan?
When was ACE COMBAT 5 THE UNSUNG WAR released?
What is the area of Bestwig in square kilometers?
Is a rear tackle a foul in American football?
Did the Northeast Project do research on the histories of lands that are in territorial disputes with Japan?
Who discovered ferrocene?
How many US military bases are in Japan?
How many tons does a freight vessel have to be to be called a large freight vessel?
Have the Dogon myths been left through oral tradition?
Who did the first academic research about the consciousness?
When was the INS Vikramaditya completed?
What is the capital of Somalia?
What time is the last train on the Uji Okubo Yodo Line?
How old was Cædwalla when he died?
Was the Battle of Fehrbellin a land battle?
Is the Good Terrorist based on a true experience by Doris Lessing?
How big was the Takatsuki class destroyer?
Who won the Battle of Brandy Station?
Who starred as the main character in The Longest Day?
What illness did Sima Yue die of?
What is the name of the park right in front of Copenhagen Central Station?
Where did Chen Shui-bian die?
What's the difference between shade and shadow?
Does Hisashi Shinma have experience of wrestling himself?
What's the altitude of Jupiter's moon Io?
Who is the Jigen model in Lupin the Third?
How large are the bullets used in the Martini–Henry rifle?
Are the victims of the 300 million yen robbery still around?
Do Chinese martial arts include those originally from Taiwan?
When Kinkaku-ji temple was first built, which region's gold did they use the most?
What did Jesus liken wine to?
When was the first peasants revolt in Japan?
Is there a male version of synchronised swimming?
How big was the Jinping Commandery?
What's the point of international friendly matches?
Which country first used torpedoes?
What is the largest warm-blooded animal in the world?
Which publisher first published the national epic Kalevala?
What is the profession of the protagonist in Anata Dake Mienai?
What are the negative effects on your health of working too much?
How did the Baby Evacuation Project get its working capital?
In Ringworld, do you live in real life?
Is State Shinto a cult?
What is a Turboprop Engine?
How big is Bristol Temple Meads railway station?
Who founded First 4 Internet?
When was the company Stars Edge founded?
When was the Austin Motor Company set up?
Did the early MacBooks come with a file system?
When did the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant collapse?
Who was the Field Marshal of the Italian Social Republic?
Do you use any Chinese words with your wife?
What was the first bus manufacturer in Japan?
Where is the HMS Endeavour preserved?
How much did a Lincoln cost when they used to be sold?
What is the largest river in Detmold?
What is the profession of the main character in the Macross Zero original anime?
Was Mathew Brady involved in any battles?
Did neanderthals walk on two legs?
What was Irwin Allen's first work?
What is the main industry in Numata, Gunma prefecture?
What is the area of Croatia?
What proportion of Japan's population in 2018 was high school pupils?
What police department deals with crimes committed over the internet?
What is the diameter of the Hanshin 851 model trains?
When did Lady Day start taking drugs?
What is the train station at the northernmost tip of Wakayama?
How many people took the College Scholastic Ability Test in 2018?
Is there a curator of the National Archives at the Tower of London?
Who founded Voith?
Where do the Han Chinese come from?
What social class was Kellyanne Elizabeth Conway born into?
Who was the pioneer of psychoanalysis?
What did Genghis Khan die of?
Who was the first king of France?
Where is the temple to which most Shorinji Kempo students of belong to?
What are the instruments in woodwind instruments?
How many casualties were there in the Second Battle of Bull Run (Battle of Second Manassas)?
How is the climate in Spenge?
When did Che Guevara arrive in Cuba?
Is The Hunger Games a dystopian novel?
Who said "let them eat cake"?
Where did the profits of Otona No Dagashiya go to?
What is the origin of the name Boltzmann distribution?
When did people in Honshu start to live in Hokkaido?
When was the supercharger first developed?
Will the belongings of the examinees be confirmed in the National Center Test for University Admissions?
What was discovered with the adeno-associated virus?
What is another name for American Indians?
How much does the Texas Instruments TI-99/4A weigh?
How to make liquid hydrogen?
When did shunga originate?
Can the Hopter be reality?
Does Kitano-o have offsprings?
Who gave the Flying Tigers its nickname?
Why did the Renaissance end?
Did provincial governors take their families along with them?
At what age did Bruce Hornsby start playing the piano?
Is there a season ticket for the Guangzhou–Kowloon Through Train?
Is the Kumamoto Hospital of the Resurrection of Hope still existent?
What is the altitude of the Egge Hills?
Who is the first character designer in "Pokemon"?
Who developed the mixing console?
When was computer graphics invented?
Which sect is the Archdiocese of Paderborn in?
How many states were members in the Confederate States of America?
Who was the director of "Neon Genesis Evangelion"?
What was plundered in the Sack of Camarina?
How many years did Tony Blair serve as Prime Minister?
Where was Willard Van Oman Quine from?
Is it possible to watch Turner Classic Movies in Japan?
Where is the high school in Japan which has the most number of students in 2018?
When was Pembroke Castle built?
What is the largest religion in Leimen?
Has Canada had a female president?
What is the origin behind the name Cadet Revolution?
Who started the study of elementary geometry?
How many years was Korea under Japanese rule?
What is the gender of John Lawrence Seigenthaler?
What year did Bruce Willis debut?
Is there any country in Africa that has eradicated malaria?
What was the world's first horror game?
Is there any way to diagnose dysthymia other than a medical interview?
Where does Katsuhiko Sato belong to as a researcher?
How much dosage of pore-forming toxin can cause death when taken by an adult?
Is infertility grounds for divorce?
What was the favorite hobby of Vytautas, the Grand Duke of Lithuania?
When did the first traffic accident occur on the Autobahn?
Is there an appropriate age for second language learning?
What is Noam Chomsky's academic specialty?
Can the nervous system be trained?
When was the teacher's certification introduced?
What is the difference between graduating and retiring?
Who is the highest-paid professional baseball player in Japan now?
Where did Karl Marx get his medical degree?
At what age did Solomon Northup write Twelve Years a Slave?
When was "Eternal Darkness Sanity`s Requiem" released?
Who designed the Louvre Museum?
Who first used the term "shimo neta" in the televisoin industry?
Who was the victor in the Battle of Lipantitlán?
What was the total death toll in the Battle of Okinawa?
What was the profession of the main character in "Quantum Families"?
How many sub-genres of mystery novels are there?
Where was Manuel Belgrano born?
What crime was Socrates accused of?
Who was the original author of "MOBILE SUIT GUNDAM"?
When did humanity first start using numbers?
Between which stations was the Meitetsu 3700 series train operated for the first time?
When were vaccinations first used?
Who was the founder of the Socialist Society?
How long does a Master's degree usually take to complete?
What was Morihisa Hayami's profession?
What did the first Jessica Drew do aside from being Spiderwoman?
Does eating dolphins introduce mercury into the body?
Who wrote the script for the American film "The Great Escape"?
What is "Self-Help"?
Does the physical address include user location information?
Was Thomas Malthus born after the Industrial Revolution?
Where are the headquarters for Dunlop located?
What is the difference between a law and a treaty?
When was thermogravimetric analysis invented?
How many Vauxhall Victors were produced?
Does the long radius of the Earth change?
Who was the first supreme leader of the Republic of China?
What is the estimated maximum speed of a Brontosaurus?
Who was the first owner of Au Lapin Agile?
What was the gender of John Young Brown, Jr.?
Why can't a perpetual motion machine be made?
Can a prisoner be sentenced to imprisonment in Japan for a crime of negligence?
Who wrote the script for Futurama?
What is the total area of The Republic of Cape Verde?
Did Mencius ever participate in a battle?
What was the staple food for American agricultural workers and slaves?
How many years was Tandja Mamadou president?
What is the role of the methyl group?
What was George Beadle's highest education?
What is the total length of the Red River in Louisiana State?
What was the media outlet which first reported the TBS Narita Incident?
How big is the Hanshin 9000 series train?
What genre of music did Eileen Joyce play?
Is there a university in Selly Oak?
When Tsutomu Kameyama was in active play, what defensive position did he play in?
Who is the founder of Euroclear ?
How many ships sank in the Battle of Noryang?
What was the name of Jesus's father?
Who was the first leader of the Whig Party?
How many Roman emperors were there during the time of the Roman Empire?
Did Akira Ohgi graduate high school?
Who invented anesthesia?
Is the myth of the abduction of Sabine women based on actual events?
Is the whale an endangered species?
Who was the first mayor of Dresden?
Are there multicellular organisms that do not have mitochondria?
What was the population of Miyakejima in 2018?
When was the Shelby Mustang built?
Has there ever been a walk-off at for national high school baseball played at Koshien Stadium because of a dropped third strike?
What is the longest river in Japan?
What are Luxembourg's major industries?
Has counterculture ever developed into a revolution?
What are Salzburg's major industries?
Has The Tonight Show ever been broadcast in Japan?
How many people died in the Battle of Tannenberg?
How many people died in the Battle of Fehrbellin?
How many referees can a soccer game have?
What is the largest ethnic group in Canada?
What is the area of ​​Kanazawa Ward, Yokohama City, Kanagawa Prefecture?
Is Kogakudo Studio Usagi-san Team the name of a game company?
Where was Parmanand Jha born?
Who was the first sultan of the Johor?
How big is the world's largest disco ball?
Who was the founder of the Society of United Irishmen?
What is a sacrifice?
When was Mindaugas born?
In what year did the Kamakura Shogunate start?
What was the cause of death for the US Navy sailor Bartlett Laffey?
What was the first toy company in Japan?
Has Luzenac Ariege Pyrenees ever won the French national championship?
What business did Paul Marie Ghislain Otlet start up?
Who invented manual transmission?
Why is the Dounreay Nuclear Power Development Establishment is being decommissioned?
Which war was the Martini–Henry rifle first used in?
Is Ayahuasca available on the market?
Has the St. John's River ever flooded?
From what year until what year was Stalin active in politics?
What was the last work created by Jan Matejko?
What shape are ray-finned fish?
What was the last castle in Germany?
When did the word "fake news" firt appear?
Who developed "Core War"?
Did Captain John Smith settle in New Plymouth?
When was orienteering introduced in Japan?
What was the turning point in the Falklands War?
Where is the largest sprinkler system in Japan located?
When was abortion legalized in the UK?
Was the aircraft pilot killed in the accident of the engine loss of P-3 of the U.S.National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in 1989?
How old was Marcus Porcius Cato Uticensis when he died?
What was the population of Johor Sultanate in its prime?
How old was Victoria Beckham when she got married?
What was the religion of John VI Kantakouzenos?
Why are there two terms, engine and motor?
What are the faults in Niigata called?
Did Friedrich Hayek give direction for capitalism?
When was the analytic number theory completed?
Where is Benjamin Libet from?
What is the size of the Royal Navy's "dreadnought"?
Who was the first president of Nagoya University?
What was the occupation of the father of Baroness Margaret Hilda Thatcher?
When was the ISDA Master Agreement introduced in Japan?
When did the tax return system start?
What is the national sport of the Federal Republic of Germany?
What is the oldest Hidensho?
When did John Harsanyi publish his game theory?
Who was the first captain of the type 23 frigate?
What was the last building that William Kent built?
What is the largest landing craft ever built by the Imperial Japanese Army?
Which state in the United States has the highest football population in 2018?
Did the aircraft fall in the accident of the engine loss of P-3 of the U.S.National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in 1989?
What are the major industries in Cincinnati?
How old was Joseph Hooker when he enlisted?
What is the percentage of the Japanese people with a milk allergy in 2018?
What was Louis Hector Berlioz's last work?
When did the Algerian civil war come to an end?
Who was the Minister of the Ministry of Economy, Trade and Industry at the time the hometown tax was enacted?
What was the first product developed by Hudson Motor Car Compan?
What is the oldest church in Paris?
Is breast augmentation also a type of implant?
Who is the pioneer of statistics?
Who murdered Norimasa Uesugi?
Can you use SUICA in the Kansai area?
Who is the god of thunder in Greek mythology?
Who discovered cancer?
Who was the first king of the United Kingdom of the Netherlands?
Are there any anti-Semitic descriptions in the Christian Bible?
What kind of weaponry is mounted on the Merkaba?
Which university did Gustave Flaubert spend his undergraduate years at?
Is there a movie based on Pickett's Charge?
What is the area of Sabah in Malaysia?
When did anesthesia start to be used in medicine?
What was John Taylor's first published book?
Were humans involved in the evolution of plants?
How does the Catholic Church explain the omnipotence paradox
How many subway lines are there in London?
Who created the word Völkisch?
When was the Transurban developed?
What is the largest ghost town in Japan?
How many military personnel were there in the Balkan allied forces in the First Balkan War?
Is heroin addictive?
In which work did Søren Kierkegaard first introduce existentialism?
When did Greece join the EU?
What started the Norio Nagayama killing spree?
Who was the first king of the Kingdom of Wessex?
What is the main industry on the island of Himakajima?
How big is INS Vikramaditya?
When was the first dictionary compiled?
Where did Gens Mondo learn to make music?
How old was Akira Toriyama when he started drawing Dragon Ball?
When was the rootkit developed?
Are there four seasons on the Golden Isles?
Who lead the New Age movement?
What is the tallest building in Coberg?
What is the main industry in the Inland Empire?
Who discovered PPARy
How many dollars or cents is the highest denomination of hard currency in the United States?
When was rabies eradicated in Japan?
Could the working classes participate in politics in the Golden Liberty?
Was King George IV of England punished?
When did Marxism and Maoism come into being?
When was Pneumocystis pneumonia first confirmed?
Which was the first state of the United States of America?
Where was Adolf Josef Ferdinand Galland born?
When did algebraic geometry come into being?
What was the highest rank of a prostitute in the Yoshiwara red light district?
What is the occupation of the protagonist in Yukinobu Hosino's Rainman?
What caused the Armagh rail disaster?
What Tokyu Bus Corporation bus stop has the most users?
When was the busy beaver completed?
What is the team color of the New York Mets?
How big was the Sukhoi Su-9?
What are the roles of a corporation?
When did mankind start using language
Who invented backbeard
What are the USA's natural resources?
What is the muzzle velocity of an AK-47?
What is Japan's oldest yakitori restaurant?
Why does a full moon happen?
Who was the first doctor to diagnose keratoconus?
Which country holds the most seats at the Council of the European Union?
Why did Adolf Hitler commit suicide?
Which theater company was the first to perform The Phantom of the Opera?
Where did Hans Axel von Fersen come from?
In what opportunity could the investor-to-state dispute resolution clause be stipulated?
Who was the first to discover the cell?
Why did Takanohana Koji withdraw from the Japan Sumo Association?
What was the first Marjory Stoneman Douglas book to be published?
Why were Buddhism and Shintoism able to coexist in Japan?
What is Masami Kurumada's gender?
What was William Joseph ("Wild Bill") Donovan's last military rank?
What is the area of Ense, Germany?
What is the area of Toltec?
When did the U.P. Town Center in Quezon City open?
What was the first company to make studless tires?
Where is the research institute with the most specimens of living organisms?
How big is a Ducati 851?
What kind of drugs are exercise capacity improvement drugs?
What is the area of Fujian, China?
When was the Wilmot Proviso signed?
How old was Willem Einthoven when he died?
Is scientific sociology in the domain of social science?
Who was the leader of the Ba'athist government?
What is the occupation of Ichigo Kurosaki in the manga "BLEACH"?
Which of Doraemon's gadgets has the longest name?
When did James VI become king of England?
Was Debussy a modern musician?
Can a person survive even if their brain is paralyzed?
How many times is the teaching certification exam held per year?
What was the first game developed by Blizzard Entertainment?
Who discovered Hot Jupiters?
How many years after the author's death does the copyright on a novel expire?
When did modern literature reach its peak in Japan?
What is the reason for genital piercings being legally banned in the UK?
What is the longest distance night bus in Japan?
How many concentration camps were there in the Nazi-controlled territories?
Is there a culture or region where grandparents, not parents, raise and look after their children?
Who discovered Cholesterol-Dependent Cytolysin?
Did Pablo Picasso ever meet Taro Okamoto?
Where does udon originate from?
Where is the oldest library in the world?
Did the Catholic Church provide funding to Mother Teresa?
What was K. Eric Drexler's undergraduate major?
Which country first introduced an adult guardianship system?
Where is the head office of the Japan Internal Combustion Engine Federation?
Is HD 5980 brighter than the sun?
Does Japan have a nobility?
Did all crew members die on Apollo 1?
What was the conclusion of the case in Japan where a child was given the name Devil by his parents?
What were conditions like in the western United States at that time?
When was Active Directory developed?
After World War II, how much postwar compensation did Japan pay to South Korea?
Was the idea of four elements developed independently in different locations?
What is the process of using an online supermarket?
Who was the pioneer of neuro-ophthalmology?
How many types of racing games have been released by Sony Computer Entertainment?
How many people played "Tokimeki Memorial Online"?
Who was the first female professional novelist in Japan?
When was Western medicine introduced to Japan?
When did homelessness become a social phenomenon in Japan?
What kind of alliance was the Hanseatic League?
What percentage of mainland China's population is made up of ethnic minorities?
What was the cause of the Grenfell Tower fire?
When did the study of birational geometry begin?
How many meters long is the Nizamuddin Dargah?
Did Kukai train at Hieizan Enryakuji?
Who discovered pollination syndrome?
How old was Thomas More when he died?
When did the culture of eating dolphins start in Iki?
What was the cause of death for Li Yuan?
Which company published the first online newspaper in the world?
Who was the first to throw a forkball in MLB?
Who invented Nabari Gyujiru?
Did Nazi Germany criticize communism?
It is permitted for a corporation that does not have the legal capacity to hold rights to perform for-profit activities?
What is the historical background for "The Elder Scrolls III: Morrowind"?
For how many years did Vitéz Nagybányai Horthy Miklós hold the position of regent?
What was the first product sold by Tandem Computers?
Does a balk result when a pick-off ball is thrown to second base while stepping on the pitcher's plate?
How many people died as a result of the Generals' rebellion?
Can female athletes participate in the Giro d'Italia?
When was Marcus theory completed?
When was the CPU developed?
What was the reason that the homeless came to congregate in Nishinari Ward, Osaka?
When did the Japanese Inn Terada-ya in Yamashironokuni Kigun Fushimi open?
Who conceived of the Yakuza series?
Do humanoid robot weapons exist?
Who did the character design for "World Advanced"?
When was Anonymous founded?
Who starred in "Marshal Law"?
Who instructed the inflation of battle results to the Imperial Headquarters?
Did humans live as hunters about 400,000 years ago?
When did nuclear power generation begin?
What was Laurens Hammond's profession?
What was the first work written by Yuán Xī?
Does the insulin receptors become weaker if you develop diabetes?
When did the shadow banking system start?
What is the true color of beryl?
Where is Zhongshan Prefecture Weichang District?
Is stye a medical term?
What kind of response did Nikita Khrushchev receive by criticizing Stalin?
When was the New Jersey Cow first made into a brand?
Does the artist Joseph King have any children?
Does snow accumulate on the peak of a volcano?
Is Riku Misora a pen name?
When was the Law of the People's Republic of China Law enacted?
Did slaves in plantations in the United States live communally in huts?
What is the final academic history for Craig Taro Gold?
Can lactobacillus be artificially cultivated?
What color are plantains?
Which regions has the most Sikh adherents?
When did the United States introduce money?
Who conceived of Mega Man?
What is the role of the commune?
When did Toei stop producing V-cinema?
Where is the bus stop with the most trips per day?
Who was the founder to Tibetian Buddhism?
What is the area of Murō-Akame-Aoyama Quasi-National Park?
What was Camille Saint-Saëns's last work called?
What was Helena Petrovna Blavatsky's occupation?
Where was Wilbert Awdry born?
Who ordered the assassination of Hrant Dink?
Was Progress M1-5's mission successful?
When was the Good Samaritan law enacted?
When was Hamilton Company Japan founded?
Where is Mantova located?
What was Yasumitsu Toyoda's defense position?
When did Ireland join the United Kingdom?
What was Japan's first broadcasted quiz show?
Was a nuclear weapon used in the Iran-Iraq War?
Where did slaves in ancient Greece come from?
Who created sign language?
What steps can be taken when Investor-state dispute settlement financial compensation is impossible?
What was the first moon discovered in the solar system?
What rough skin discovered thylakoid?
Do you need special qualifications to become a game designer?
What is the origin of the name Operation Mincemeat?
What was Bob Pettit's major in college?
Can the tunneling effect be caused artificially?
In what year was the Zoo Berlin completed?
Is there a phone that can adjust shutter speed?
With what are kosode normally dyed?
Who wrote the Azumakagami?
What's the difference between a heritage railway and a regular railway?
What is the battle that Keiji Maeda first participated in?
Which virus is the most prevalent in the whole world?
Did Thomas Andrew "Colonel Tom" Parker ever visit Japan?
At what age did Benedict Arnold V become Major General of the Continental Army?
When was Romania founded?
Who is the founder of Tokusan Automotive?
What's the difference between arithmetic and mathematics?
Who first explained photosynthesis?
What is the weight of a county-class destroyer?
What is the biggest hotel at the Whistler Blackcomb ski resort?
Why are the middle ages called the Dark Ages?
When was the first magnetic levitation train test run in Japan?
Who commanded the German army at the Siege of Bastogne?
Where did Hannah Riddell die?
The "Pressure-Free Generation" refers to people born during what range of years?
When was the beginning of the rapid-transit night train?
Who built the Sphinx in Egypt?
Was Porfirio Díaz killed in the Mexican Revolution?
What is the area of Schorndorf?
What used to be where the Nukui Dam was built?
Where is Tugh Temür from?
Which feudal province was Hyougo province in the Edo period?
What companies are included in the American television broadcasting network?
Which print-oriented newspaper company in the whole world published an online edition first?
Where in Japan is the mine that produces the most metal?
Who was the pioneer of sociobiology?
How many minority peoples are there in Greece?
Who built Fort Eben-Emael?
What is the area of Weilheim in Oberbayern?
How many denominations does Christianity have?
What prefectures does the Keikyu Corporation operate in?
Who invented the dynamic nuclear polarization method?
How many copies did Nintendo's Super Mario Bros. sell when it was first released?
What was the first video game Croteam developed?
Who was the first president of Liberia?
How many hours did the 12th Super Bowl last?
How many airline companies are there in Russia?
What was the chief industry of the Principality of Polotsk?
When did Text, File, Group originate?
Is Tsuyoshi Yasukouchi a former professional boxer?
What was the official language of the Kingdom of Jerusalem?
What period was Japan in during China's Jin dynasty?
When was communist ideology introduced to Japan?
When was the origin of wind power generation?
What is the oldest museum in London?
What car was the first to be equipped with lights?
What is the biggest concrete dam in Japan?
Is "Kane to Cinderella" an anime series?
Is Spider-Woman Spider-Man's girlfriend?
Where is Clichy in France?
Does Rwanda face the ocean?
Did János Kádár ever carry out a massacre?
Who invented securitization?
Who was the first mayor of Büren?
What was the largest battle Suyama participated in?
When was cryptocurrency first used?
When was Mobile Suica first introduced?
What is it called when someone causes trouble on the Internet by anonymously criticizing and slandering something?
Where is the largest construction company in Japan?
Are there laws that put limiations on microtransactions?
What state was George Gordon Meade born in?
What was Khnum Khufu's personality like?
What is Sicily's official language?
When is Chinese New Year on the Gregorian calendar?
What does the left wing mean in terms of politics?
Is there a wild card in professional baseball in Japan?
Why did they stop manufacturing the Celica?
What changes followed in society during the dynastic state from when Japan was under the ritsuryo codes?
Who founded the Midland Railway?
Was "Copenhagen" televised as a commercial broadcast in Japan?
Are there spectators during a tea ceremony even in China?
What is the area of Bad Rappenau?
Does ejaculation occur every day?
Is there a fishing industry on Lake Ontario?
Who was the ruler of the Jin dynasty when everything was unified?
What is the original of the name of Mississippian culture?
Where was Jadwiga Andegaweńska from?
How do boat lifts work?
Does Ichiro Yamaguchi do solo acts?
How long did the Battle of Cartagena de Indias continue?
Do programmers use data models?
What city in Germany's North Rhine-Westphalia state has the largest area?
How many types of plants have been identified around the world?
When was the cello first developed?
How big is the biggest longship ever made?
How many years does it take to receive retirement allowance?
Is the idea of damage control also applied to disaster emergencies?
Who was the first governor of Texas?
What is the primary school attendance rate in the Phillipines for the 2018 school year?
Is there a castle in the Herford District?
How long is the Oregon Trail?
Where is Yuki Munizo from?
What was Lisa del Giocondo's occupation?
Are the military formations the Romans made still in use in modern armies today?
Why did Koryo fall?
How many children did Alexandra of Denmark have?
Did the girl from the Niigata Girl Imprisonment Incident ever make a return to society?
How many orchestras does Vienna have?
How long did Emperor Takakura rule?
Where is Daniel Clowes from?
When did civilization begin in China?
Who discovered flerovium?
How large is the Beast of Gévaudan proposed to be?
Do the Zhuang people have an elder?
Where is the national library of Japan located?
How do the tonsils work?
Can the child chosen to be Dalai Lama ever see their parents again?
When was the Copenhagen International Airport built?
When was the first extrasolar planet found?
Who discovered the Heliozoa?
What is the memory capacity of the Apple Newton?
Is it possible to write in a cursive font in Japanese on Microsoft Word?
How many divisions are there in the Japanese royal family line?
At what age did Shiina Ringo make her debut?
Who discovered DNA?
Are there large containers used for lorrying that have heating and cooling functions?
At what age did François Achille Bazaine die?
When did certified public accountant become an occupation in Japan?
What was Sanyutei Kinba the 3rd's final place of schooling?
What is done in a stock car race?
How does a honey bee make honey?
How many homeruns did Soyogi Eishin hit while playing in the NPB?
Where is the first dojo of the World Divine Light Organization located?
What was the first bus company in Japan?
When was the CSS/USS Atlanta finished?
What are the origins of indictment in Japan?
When was traffic shaping first performed?
What is the chief agricultural product of Langen, Hesse?
Has Victoria Beckham ever appeared in a movie?
What was the first country to implement an NHS program?
How many casualties were suffered in the Roman conquest of the Hernici?
What title is given to doctoral course graduates?
When was the first Yoshino Cherry tree exported out of Japan?
What was the first computer on Plan 9 from Bell Labs?
Where did the July Days happen in Petrograd, Russia?
What is the key industry in Montparnasse?
What country were the Soviet Partisans established in?
When was Neuro-Linguistic Programming announced?
What creed holds the most believers in the Czech Republic?
Did the Tang dynasty unify China?
What was the main industry in the Vandal Kingdom?
What temperature can cholera survive at?
Is Treasure, the company that made Ikaruga, Japanese?
When did Mirko Cro Cop retire as a policeman?
In what present day country is Nubia located?
Did Columbus kill any Native Americans?
What was Fromental Halévy's final work?
How many black people have been killed in Kansas, where blood is flowing?
Did Osamu Tezuka create manga as part of a team?
Where did the oldest salt tax system in the world develop?
How big is the light reflectance value?
Who was Kanō Masanobu's first disciple?
In what year was William Hogarth born?
When was Coachella Valley completed?
How many years did the Yamato Kingdom last for?
Did Yasunari Kawabata receive the Naoki Prize?
What was the primary industry in Pohnpei?
Who was the founder of romantic music?
When did Entomology first come about?
Where were the Israeli athletes targeted in the Munich massacre?
When did the Chōshū Domain form?
Was Ringo Sheena's Crime and Punishment modelled on Dostoevsky's novel?
Is Yarumela a World Heritage Site?
From what age can you start going to a driving school?
What was the first element discovered?
What social class was Emperor Guangwu of Han?
Who was the father of Cuban independence?
What gender is Narihara Tonmi?
In what gun was break action first introduced?
What are the fees for domestic students at the École nationale supérieure des mines de Saint-Étienne?
Can you sail boats along the Saint Johns River?
How many years was Venezuela a colony of Spain?
When was Potala Palace built?
How many cassettes were sold for the PC-50x Family?
Does Jun'ichi Sumi have grandchildren?
What is the widest river in Japan?
What gender was Elizabeth Ann Seton?
Is there a set format for receipts?
What is the biggest concentration camp?
Where was Toshiaki Iwashiro born?
When was First Blood published?
Who founded the Chesapeake and Ohio Railway?
What is the origin of the name Torvosaurus?
What kind of ball game is Pall Mall?
What is the punishment for refusing police questioning?
What gender is Magneto?
When was old age insurance introduced in Japan?
Who was the first person to achieve a vacuum?
Which country was first to abolish the death penalty?
What was voice actor Hozumi Gōda's debut in?
How tall was John Henry Towers?
What was the cause of the downfall of the Soviet Union?
What was the first civilisation to appear on the Korean Peninsula?
When was the concept of aliens introduced into Japan?
When were coins first used in Japan?
What was the main material used in the body of Musculair2?
What were the official languages of the Khanate of Kazan?
Are there works by William Shakespeare which are incomplete?
Who was the first leader of the British Conservative Party?
When was the Toronto Eaton Centre completed?
How many cities are there in Lahn-Dill-Kreis?
What was J. R. R. Tolkien's final work?
Was vehicle washing carried out in the Aroostook War?
Who proposed the idea of working memory?
What is the oldest existing desktop computer?
What is Denmark's biggest city?
Did Louis Armstrong land on the moon?
In which year was the Sanjo Palace built?
Who was victorious in the Siege of Boonesborough?
Which cultural anthropologist researched the ghost in Japanese folklore called an Ubume?
Luang Pibulsonggram was affiliated with which political parties?
How did Jimmy Wales and Larry Sanger meet?
During his career, what weight was sumo yokozuna Asashoryu Akinori?
What is the average height of men belonging to the Mapuche people?
Is an IP address different for every computer?
Is it possible to repeat a year at a police academy?
When was Masao Fukasawa a village chief?
What steps were taken in the Imperial Trans-Antarctic Expedition to allow a safe return home?
What was the Elizabethtown Mirror?
What was the Jin Zhun rebellion?
What is Reba McEntire's real name?
Mainly which crops were grown on the plantations of Earle Chester Clements?
Did the religion of Muhammad Ahmad become established?
In its heyday, how many members did the Saint Patrick's Battalion have?
Who ordered the construction of the Kowloon Walled City?
Who was the first black female undergraduate?
What is Volkswagen's biggest vehicle?
Were guns used in Anglo-Dutch Wars?
What is the oldest station on the Keio Sagamihara Line?
What was the population of Brussels in 2018?
Hojo Tokimasa died at what age?
In 2007, which country had the greatest number of killings of journalists?
When it was released, how much did "Hayarigami: Police Mystery Case File" cost?
Which station in the Yokohama Municipal Subway has the most passengers?
On what ship did Alfred Gérard arrive in Japan?
How big is Proxima Centauri b?
In what race did Bernie Ecclestone achieve his first victory?
Who invented the wet suit?
Who put forward rational choice theory?
Which species of Chiton are the most abundant?
Is there a set number of days you should rest at home if you get influenza?
What was the cause of death of Otto Carius?
Where was general topology first researched?
Who was the first leader of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany?
Has Aizuwakamatsu Castle ever been reconstructed since it was built?
What was the currency of France before the revolution?
In which country was "Survivor" first broadcast?
What financial firm was first established at 30 St Mary Axe?
Dred Scott versus Sandford triggered what event?
What is the size of the Upper Yoshida district in Fujiyoshida City, Yamanashi Prefecture?
Where was the first zoo to be subject to a protest by the Zoo Check Campaign?
Can amino acids be obtained through food?
Who discovered whale vocalization?
When was scheduling created in computer science?
Which somatoform disorder was diagnosed first?
What is the largest city in Kreis Lippe in the Regierungsbezirk Detmold?
Who invented the adjustable spanner?
What was the occupation of Hasegawa Settan?
Were any of Wen Jiabao's ancestors politicians?
Were nuclear weapons used during the insurgency in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa?
In what year did the Battle of Berlin officially end?
How many islands are there in Svalbard?
Who put forth the infinite monkey theorem?
What was the gender of Lynn Anderson?
Has any musician completed "Moses und Aron" by Arnold Schoenberg?
Who is the jockey with the most wins in Japan?
When was the driving simulator invented?
Who was the representative of the United Kingdom to attend the Yalta Conference?
How old was Dave Bautista when he made his in-ring debut?
Who were the Bloody Benders?
Who was the first President of Poland?
What was the reason for the victory of the Hōjō clan during the Jōkyū War?
Why was the Ritsuryō system abolished in Japan?
Which station broadcast Saint Seiya: Knights of the Zodiac?
Who was the first chancellor of the University of Oxford?
How many members are there in Pearl Jam?
When did chazuke originate?
What is the official language of the Banat Bulgarians?
Did the Battle of Newburn take place at sea?
Where was George Rogers Clark born?
In how many venues was the 2018 College Scholastic Ability Test held?
Does the cartoonist "Ichimaru" have experience as a sumo wrestler?
How old was Kwame Nkrumah when he became president?
Is bisexuality an innate sexual orientation?
Why did Numata City in Gunma Prefecture oppose plans for the Numata Dam?
What is the state religion of Mongolia?
Where was Kobako Hanato born?
Who commanded the construction of Checkpoint Charlie?
Who was the first king of the Kingdom of Galicia–Volhynia?
How was salt made in Bad Soden when it was a Reichsdorf?
What was the first product sold by JustSystems?
Who developed the missile?
Did Hernando de Soto persecute Indigenous Americans?
When was the occupation of psychological counselor created in Japan?
What was the first homeless support organization in Japan?
When was Hiro Yamagata born?
Is meditation a Buddhist practice?
What was the first major mining company to advance into Biscay?
Why did the Ottoman Empire prosper?
When did Thai literature originate?
Where is the Northwest Indian subcontinent in the present day?
Are there any professional Koshiki Karate leagues?
In what year did the Cultural Revolution end?
Does exhaust gas cause air pollution?
When was the Kojiki discovered?
When was the Kingdom of Valencia established?
When was the dependency inversion principle discovered?
Can opioids be purchased at a pharmacy?
Is the Japan Professional Football League's soccer competition held once a year?
Why did the family of Francis II Rákóczi become aristocracy?
Who was the final leader of the Democratic Socialist Party?
When was the GNU established?
Where is Valve Corporation's headquarters?
Who was the first emcee of Ad-lib Land?
Do people fully recover from hives?
Did former President Ferdinand Marcos participate in the Battle of Luzon?
What genre is Magical Record Lyrical Nanoha Force?
What is the maximum complement of a Victor class submarine?
In Japanese manga, how do the roles of writer and illustrator differ?
What led Takeshi Kitano and his followers to plan their attack on the Friday magazine office?
Where is Andrew Wiles from?
How many wrestlers does All Japan Pro Wrestling have on its roster?
Who was the first president of Bolivia?
Is Sir Jimmy Page's real name Jimmy Page?
What is the Louvre's adult admission fee?
How many members does Take That have?
Why was Pokemon Blue Version released late?
How long was the reign of Dionysius I of Syracuse?
What are the side effects of artificial dialysis?
Where did the Tosa Domain originate?
When was the Italian Republic formed?
Did Hokuto Iboshi speak Ainu?
Who developed the self-aligned gate?
When was the monkey wrench introduced to Japan?
Was Charles Darwin a creationist?
Who has the ownership rights to spring water?
What was Karl Popper's major as an undergraduate?
What was the reason for the Local Sovereignty Association's dissolution?
Are shamisen performances improvised?
Was Bartolomé de las Casas executed?
When did the Pacific War begin?
What is the cause of bronchial asthma?
How many British warships were mobilized at the Battle of Cartagena de Indias?
Did the hippies respect the rights of nature?
Which country has the highest income tax?
How many years did the Texan War of Independence last?
How many years did the Sixteen Kingdoms period last?
Where is the residence of the House of Habsburg-Lorraine?
When did Koji Murofushi become a professor at Chukyo University?
When was Russia's OMON special forces unit formed?
To what position does the term "pole position" refer?
What kind of breaking ball was Suguru Egawa's specialty?
Are Eugene Fama and Kenneth French research colleagues?
Can royal jelly be harvested from western honey bees?
Which railroad company was the first to begin managing theaters and department stores?
Venice floods once every how many years?
What is Japan's largest used clothing store?
How many people were killed in the Battle of Skalitz?
Is there a law in Japan that prohibits interracial marriage?
How old was Lisa Del Giocondo when she got married?
Who defined the CIE1931 color space?
What is the lethality rate of slashing one's wrists?
Who discovered the spinor bundle?
Are there any former members of the United Red Army in the Japan Revolutionary Communist League?
Who was the first coach of the San Francisco 49ers?
Who starred in "Little Miss Sunshine"?
If a contract isn't established after the trial period, will the worker be dismissed?
Did the notion of small government come from capitalist thought?
How old was "Jack" John Henry Towers when he joined the Navy?
Is Takao Obana's pitching form an overhand throw?
What was the area of the Bactrian region?
Who discovered ubiquinone?
Was Thomas Carmichael Hindman, Jr. opposed to the abolition of slavery?
Is Pokemon an adventure game?
What is a caricature?
When was atomic theory proposed?
Are there any animals that have been born from DNA replication?
Who founded the game company Atlas?
What is the biggest flood control dam in Japan?
How many days did it take Yamada Sōyū to reach Turkey from Japan?
When did the "car action" film genre originate?
Is canon law applied in Vatican City?
Is the International Commission on Illumination an NPO?
Who invented the Sam Browne belt?
Do products awaiting patents exist in the public domain?
When was the first time a court decided to repay funds on an overpayment?
How many types of railroad signposts are there?
When did the Singhasari Kingdom flourish?
Where is the headquarters of Takarajimasha?
Where is Avila in Castile?
Did Christopher Richard Win Nevinson participate in combat as a soldier?
Who was the last lord of the Kubota clan?
What was Kansho's largest work?
How many chromosomes are there in corn?
When did journalism originate?
Where is the setting of the story "Seraphic Blue?"
In what country was the Hexshire-Olein model first introduced?
What company sold the highest number of pump toilets in Japan in 2018?
What was the last word Gurrib wrote?
Which side won the Battle of Rützen?
Where was the Chōshū Domain founded?
How big are shikumen-style houses?
Did Edmond Malone live at the same time as Shakespeare?
At what age did Tamiji Kitagawa start painting?
At what age did James Bennett McClary become governor?
What is "recipro?"
What was Helen Shackman's religion?
Which Japanese prefecture has the largest area of green land?
When was the model rocket first developed?
When did Dirk Nowitzki start playing basketball?
How old was Eizo Hori when he got enlisted?
What is the largest Sanyo Electric Railway station
Did Nankei Tachibana travel alone?
How tall was Yokozuna Asashoryu?
Was Heavy Cruiser Astoria destroyed?
When was the entire Furumoto-jyo castle complete?
Did Lí Yuán hóng get married?
During the royal Flight to Varennes, how did the king's family move around?
What was P. R. Sarkar's religion?
How big is the state of Connecticut
When was Rail Corporation New South Wales established?
Where did David J Grove study psychology?
What is the most widely available heterothermic animal in the world?
Are Shinkin banks private companies?
Are AE cameras limited to film cameras?
What is the role of underwater tunnels?
Why was the attempt of the Munich Putsch failed?
What is Melchior Lengyel's first work
Who dramatized "Monty Python's Life of Brian"?
When was Fyodor Arturovich Keller born?
When Khosrow II was enthroned, how old was he?
What were the health hazards of the victims of the mine pollution at the Hitachi mine?
During whose administration was the Act for Stabilization etc. of Employment of Older Persons etc. enacted?
What is the maximum swimming speed of Carcharhinus obscurus?
Is there a direct fight service between Japan and Mongolia?
Did the Siouan tribe mine gold?
What is the living function of the cat's purring?
What is the world's oldest excavated mummy?
Was there a politician in the family of Frauke Petry?
How big is a coccid?
How many people first formed the Swiss Guards?
What is the population of Imai-cho?
What are vessel characteristics of a destroyer?
How many people died at the Battle of Fort Pulaski?
What is the origin of the name of Chin-chin densha?
Is it possible to trigger positive thinking by drugs?
Who is the leading actor of "Stargate Atlantis"
What is the first battle where tribal-class destroyers had a part?
What is the occupation of the main character of "ANGEL"
Who is the founder of Christianity?
What kind of families became counts?
what is egoism?
Were bloom filters sold?
When did the manufacturing of Aerostar begin?
What was the regular batting order of Randy William Bass with Hanshin?
How many people died at the first naval battle of Narvik?
When was it first published as China?
What is the holy book of Manichaeism?
Is dimethyl ether made artificially?
When was the Officer of the Order of the British Empire established?
Who established West Texas Intermediate?
When did Justine Ezarik start his video blog?
Who advocated multiculturalism?
Are the armored vehicles used by the military automatic?
What is the area of Danno Horinji Temple?
When was "A Dance with Dragons" published?
When was Aoike Yasuko born?
Does George Walton Lucas Jr. belong to a film company?
Who was Lu Xun's wife?
Who was the pioneer of progressive metal bands?
Which tribe of the indigenous people lived in New Jersey?
Has Benjamin Bilse ever performed together with Wagner?
How big is the Type 23 frigate?
What was Keisuke Itagaki's debut work?
What is the land area of Bolivia?
When did Koichiro Genba serve as the Minister of Foreign Affairs?
What is the largest mummy portrait that has been discovered?
When did horses start being used in battles in Mongolia?
How big is Paderborn Lipstadt Airport?
Which mammal excretes the largest amount of waste?
What is the main genre of songs that Enrique Iglesias sings?
At what age did Kevin Maurice Garnet retire?
What is the largest religion in Killeen?
When was the Bulgarian Communist Party created?
What is the name of Tatra's heavy-duty truck?
What business did Robert Morris conduct as a merchant?
Were there any white female settlers in the United States who were taken away by Indians and returned?
What was the first game broadcast by Lions Nighter?
What is the maximum number of passengers on the Hanshin 3011 series train?
Were there any cases of robbery of a private house by the Union Army in the Civil War?
When did the trading of stocks start?
Does Jaeger-LeCoultre have a branch office in Japan?
What is the average life span of a scale insect?
Is "Kannagi no Tori" an online game?
What was the first war that PT-91 Twardy participated in?
Who invented the lamp?
When did the Cosa Nostra form?
Is Yoshiaki Miura a politician?
What was Bruno Walter's first released song?
Was salt produced from Lop Nur?
When was the world's first scrappage program implemented?
Until how many months into pregnancy is abortion permitted in Japan?
What is the main industry of Aalen?
Does the bus route in Kyoto City use a fixed fare system?
What is the main industry of Saint Francois?
Which country was the first to introduce long-term care insurance?
What was the first 18+ RPG that was sold?
What is the area of South Carolina?
What is the biggest train station of the Martigny–Châtelard Railway?
How many years did Helmut Heinrich Waldemar Schmid serve as Prime Minister?
What was Gerhard Berger's occupation after retirement?
How many Ford Model Ts were sold in Japan?
How many colonial cities were there in ancient Greece?
Who are the shareholders of Aston Villa F.C.?
What is the largest railway company in Saitama?
In what field does Ghil'ad Zuckermann have a PhD?
Is President Ngô Ðình Diệm a democrat?
When was the Chontal Maya language born?
Are the United Kingdom and the United States of America both capitalist countries?
Is there a boat that uses an overhead valve engine?
What is the most-watched TV show on Chiba Television?
Where was Queen formed?
What was the main character’s job in Woody Allen's "Annie Hall"?
Who was the creator of break dancing?
What are the planets in the solar system?
Did Prince George go bankrupt?
Where is the did finishing school originate?
How much liquid hydrogen is necessary for a space shuttle launch?
On what train line in Japan did the first sleeping car run?
Is the Lincoln Highway a national highway?
What was the divorce rate right after the economic bubble burst?
What period followed the Zengid dynasty?
When did money originate?
Does boredom become noticeable with age?
When was Ginling Women's College founded?
Where did Wilt Chamberlain graduate high school?
What is the main industry in Williamsport?
What is the largest station on the Hankyu Takarazuka Line?
In what year was Adolf Josef Ferdinand Galland born?
Did anyone become a kamikaze pilot through student mobilization?
What was the transportation system in the world?
What are the wild horses in Aomori called?
At what age did August II Mocny accede to the throne?
What is the most genetically modified organism?
How many manga were made into Super Nintendo games?
Do studless tires slip less than studded tires?
When was North Macedonia founded as a nation?
What is the cause of there being more Protestants than Catholics in America?
What is the difference between philosophy of the mind and psychology?
Do the federations and empires in "Star Trek" each have their own language?
Who developed oral hypoglycemic agents?
What is the main industry of Bünde?
How many sons did John Cabot have?
Who was the first head librarian at the Hidashi Library?
When was the International Boxing Federation founded?
In the 2018 NBA season, were there more high school graduates or college graduates?
What number is the Principality of Monaco ranked in order of smallest countries?
Who is the founder of the Official Charts Company?
What is the area of the Duchy of Holstein?
Who developed monoclonal antibodies?
What is the longest river in Japan?
Is the Nature Conservation Act an international law?
On what game consoles can you play "Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2"?
What is the population of Tōyako Town in Hokkaido?
Are the Chocobos in Final Fantasy VII dinosaurs?
How big was the submarine Queenfish?
When did the bugle originate?
Who was the first philosopher in Greece?
How did the Chōshū Domain strengthen its power?
What sort of time would the United States presidential line of succession be employed?
Who built Minden Fort?
Carles Puigdemont i Casamajó is a member of which party?
What was the first novel ever written?
Can we artificially make electromagnetic waves?
What is the oldest surviving taiko drum in the world?
How long did Kantarō Suzuki serve as Prime Minister?
Which country first set out intellectual property rights?
Why are the Simpsons yellow?
When did econometrics first start?
Who developed the radial tyre?
Who first proposed fundamental human rights?
How big are the most luxurious residences in Ashiya, Hyogo prefecture?
With muscle deterioration, is it possible than humans could lose the ability to walk?
Does Enka count as popular music?
When was Riichi Yokomitsu's "Machine" first published?
Was there any bloodshed in the Wappa Riot?
What time does the Superbowl usually start at?
How big was the USS Atlanta?
What does Kazuma Kiryu work as in "Yakuza"?
Who was the first president of the Republic of Costa Rica?
Is the Republic of Tunisia a socialist country?
Is Fuji TV One Two Next a TV channel?
How did Stalin die?
Is Spain a socialist country?
Can inheritance problems be resolved with family mediation?
Who wrote the screenplay for Blue Thunder?
When did dentists first begin to use implants?
What sort of job is General Secretary?
When Kitano Kachidoki first started racing how heavy was he?
What age did Lu Xun live until?
Has Ken Follet won any literary prizes?
What is the Prius ZVW30's retail price?
How big is the USS Seadragon?
What age did Robert FitzRoy die at?
Did the US Army use codes during WW2?
What age were Fanji and Gurei when they were brought to Japan?
What is the largest deep sea fish ever discovered?
Was the Minnesota Starvation Experiment criticised by human rights groups?
What was the turning point of the American War of Independence?
What is the area of Bosanska Krajina?
What year was Federico II of Gonzaga born in?
Who was the empress of the first emperor of Manchuria?
Are there mammals living in the deep sea?
Which foreign country did the Æon Group first move into?
What was Woody Allen's first work?
When did pedagogy first come about?
What was the first radiation accident to take place in Japan?
What was Isiah Lord Thomas III's dominant hand?
What was the capital of the former Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth?
Does black or blonde coloured hair dominate genetically?
Before gear oil, what was usually used as a lubricant oil?
When has money existed since?
What was Arnold Mindell's hometown university?
How many households are there in Selly Oak in 2018?
What is the most spacious state in Midwest America?
What is necessary to buy a firearm in the United States?
What kind of a water gate is a Caisson?
Who proposed the city ordinance plan for South Okayama prefecture?
What season is it in the "Pokémon: Diamond and Pearl" world?
Who was the first prefectural governor of Bavaria?
Who discovered the element boron?
When appointing a police dog, is there a regulation for a specific breed?
What is the maximum width of the Sittang River?
Who first discovered the process of nuerogenesis?
In the world, what kind of methods for disposition are there, besides cremation?
Who is Cosmo Bulk's owner?
Is smoking prohibited on Japanese railroads?
What is the role of the archduke?
How are Norman people raised?
What weapons did they use in one-on-one battles in the North Channel Naval Duel?
Are there green windows at Shin-Osaka station?
Is THC toxic?
When was the sprinkler system first established in Japan?
How many members were there when Richard Sorge formed?
Who was the founder of Osaka Prefecture University?
When was Greece founded?
What is Abercrombie & Finch's sister brand called?
Since when has Greenwich Mean Time been used?
What kind of professional sports have a free agent system?
Is the dusky shark a carnivore?
Can women also produce sperm?
When was lactose intolerance first diagnosed?
In the American movie 'Star Wars', how do you gain the power to use the force?
When did the evaluation period start to be introduced in Japan?
What is the source of the name for Jellyfish Lake?
What is the main industry on Corfu Island?
Where did the word 'love' originate from?
When were international laws made?
How old was Doppo Kunikida when he renamed to Tetsuo?
Is the internal sound source always included in mobile phones?
What is the GNI of Bhutan in 2018?
What changes happened in the Ayatollah Khomeini regime?
Which team has the most number of World Series wins in MLB?
What was the top speed of the Hankyū 51 train?
Under the Act on Special Measures Concerning Prohibition of Entry of Specified Vessels, what is a Specified Foreign Vessel?
What was the first Catholic church to be built anywhere in the world?
Was Frederick Trump's first business a restaurant?
Are boy bands a kind of "idols"?
What is the function of the cerebellum?
Where is Simon Norton Graduate School?
Where is the origin of the bugle?
What award is given to the players inducted in the Major League Baseball Hall of Fame?
Who led the Magnate conspiracy?
What kind of saint was Saint Nizamuddin Auliya?
How old was Jacob Jordaens when he first started to paint?
How old was Timothy Treadwell when he died?
What is the largest city in Ireland?
Is "Life of Brian" a comedy film?
What is the area of Podgorica?
Where is Peta Wilson from?
How large is the Guggenheim Museum Bilbao?
When did the GHQ leave Japan?
When did Oakland Athletics have their first league win?
What was the official language of Arabia?
How many years did Liu Can reign as emperor?
Who was the first person to reach the South Pole?
Was Karl Marx ever part of the Soviets?
When was the Victor-class submarine completed?
When was computer memory developed?
What genre is "Crisis on Infinite Earths"?
Who were the pioneers of theoretical biology?
What methods have been established for dealing wtih contamination?
Who threw the first knuckleball in MLB?
How old was Sakura Yokomine when she made her pro debut?
What was the cause of the Korean Air Flight 801 crash?
What is the population of Hövelhof?
What did Johann Pachelbel teach?
What breed of horse is Cosmo Bulk?
What business formally introduced receipts to Japan?
What was the death count during the Maryland campaign in the US Civil War?
What is the area of the town of Kamo in Kizugawa of Kyoto prefecture?
Where is the capital of Palestine?
How many years did Akira Toriyama continue writing Dragon Ball?
What was the turning point in the Trafalgar campaign?
What size are Agaricus bisporus mushrooms?
How big is Masjid al-Haram?
Who was the founder of Kyoto University?
When did John Stuart Mill publish his essay "On Liberty"?
What efforts have been made to correct regional disparities in scholastic knowledge in Japan?
When was the Christian Era brought to Japan?
Why do Japanese people refer to their wives as "okusan"?
What is Hiroaki Aoki's nationality?
Did Imre Lakatos specialize in philosophy?
Who was the character designer of Tom and Jerry?
When did the Franciscans come to Spain?
Was the McDonnell Douglas DC-10 ever used for passenger flights between Japan and the United States of America?
What are the major industries in Ginsheim-Gustavsburg?
Does the handling fee charged on foreign currency exchanges differ by money handler?
Has the First Motion Picture Unit of the United States Army Air Forces been sent to the front lines?
When was "Almagest -Overture-" released?
Who came up with the idea of cyborgs?
What was the first company to sell AHCC?
Who thought of the story for "Royal Blood II: ~Annals of the Dinar Monarchy~"?
Who are the proponents of papal infallibility?
What is the area of the Duchy of Schleswig?
When was the hurdy-gurdy invented?
What is the land area of Livadia Palace?
Where was the capital of Russia before Moscow?
When did organized crime first appear in Japan?
When was John Cooke born?
What was the religion of Donald Herbert Davidson?
What is the rate of progression to higher education in Finland?
What was the cause of the fall of Aztec civilization?
How old was Theresa Teng when she retired?
Who discovered glutamine synthetase?
When did bishops first appear in Christianity?
Did the use of fire influence the evolution of human intelligence?
In which country did the study of physics originate?
When did public education begin in France?
What are the main agricultural products in Miyoshi City, Hiroshima Prefecture?
Are all kinds of parrots nocturnal?
Why is Lügde known as "Town of the Osterräder"?
What kind of place is Moore?
What was the relationship called between samurai and the shogunate during the Kamakura Shogunate?
Do izakaya have private rooms?
On what occasions were kosode worn?
When did Marxism enter Japan?
Who was the first Prime Minister of the Chechen Republic?
What is the oldest literary work in Taiwan?
Has the Japan Revolutionary Communist League ever caused a revolution?
Who was the first pioneer of social work in Japan?
What is the material of the space colony in the anime "Mobile Suit Gundam"?
Who was the pioneer of Venetian painting?
In what world does the Yazuka series of games take place?
How big is the Odakyu 70000 series train?
When did the fur trade begin?
Who was the pioneer of modernist architecture?
Are guerrillas and terrorists different?
What was the first work of science fiction to feature aliens?
What was the religion of Marcus Alonzo "Mark" Hanna?
When did exorcism originate?
What is the occupation of the protagonist of "Perfume: The Story of a Murderer"?
When did the Hanshin Expressway open?
What is the largest erosion control dam in Japan?
What is the viewing fee for Lifetime?
Where did the violin originally come from?
Is Shueisha's monthly "Bears Club" a monthly magazine for girls' manga?
Where does Stephen Wolfram live?
What was the population of Frankenberg (Eder) in 2018?
When was the first shipbuilding competition?
Who was the founder of the Japan First Aid Society?
What was the origin of World War I?
How was the world's first electrical power generated?
When was the slash metal band Slayer formed?
On which country's railroad is Agatha Christie's "Murder on the Orient Express" modeled?
Who was the first president of Malaysia?
Of what material is the Great Buddha in Nara made?
How big is the National Library of France?
Who was the founder of New York City Transit?
How many kinds of cards were printed in the "Dragon Ball Carddass" series?
Which are more common in Korea: first names or surnames?
What was the turning point of the War of the Austrian Succession?
What was the first work to win the first annual Moe Games Award?
Which artist was Hieronymus Bosch most influenced by?
Who was the first chief executive of the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority?
When was low-dimensional topology first established?
What is Antwerpen's major industry?
What charity work did Frederick Christ Trump do?
Who created the uninterruptible power supply?
Did Abu Bakr II manage to cross the Atlantic Ocean?
What is the mathematical area of Lincoln's Inn Fields?
Do people attach cameras during bird ringing?
How old was Marie Thérèse Charlotte de France when she died?
Puar, from the manga "Dragonball", is what kind of animal?
Who created numerical control machining?
What was Murong Ke's cause of death?
Was the culprit of the 1899 Kentucky gubernatorial election assassination ever arrested?
What is the difference between a cyborg and an android?
Why did the Kingdom of Hungary fall?
When was the first Hidensho established?
Why was Seibal so prosperous?
What was Julian Fellowes' debut novel?
Do Allosaurus have wings?
Where is Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum's alma meter located?
Which country started the school social worker system?
Who founded Upjohn?
What is Bavaria's major agricultural export?
What railroad first implemented a season ticket?
When did humans first arrive in the Ryukyu Kingdom?
Which dialect in Japan is most different from the standard language?
When was Christianity first introduced to the Toraja?
Did Rudolf Steiner believe in the existence of God?
Was "Saving Private Ryan" ever shown in Japan?
Who is the director of "Super Dimension Fortress Macross"?
Where did Fra Angelico study art?
Did Bartolomé de las Casas become a saint?
When was the Microsoft Foundation Class Library created?
In what time period did oceanography originate?
How many years did the Jacobin Club last?
Is it a custom to chew rocks for mineral absorption in Kenya?
Is fishing done in the St. Johns River?
What is England's largest city?
When was Activision first put up for sale?
How many rotations does an electric generator make per second?
When were the San Francisco 49ers founded?
What's the difference between pirates and vikings?
Is there a political group guided by Chartism?
What's characteristic of Europe's continental philosophy?
What occupation did William Felton Russell take after retiring?
Is sandplay therapy a form of art therapy?
When were Japan's juvenile protection procedures established?
Who created the Ethernet frame?
How did Stalin fall from power?
In what battle was the PT boat first used?
Is musical improvisation a performance method without any rules?
Who was the first president of the Republic of Cabo Verde?
Who imprisoned Kaspar Hauser?
Who was the first head of Bell Labs?
Who was the pioneer of Gothic architecture?
Is plastic surgery a medical institution?
How many people died at the Battle of Fort Donelson?
What was the origin of torii gates at Shinto shrines?
When did Bill Evans begin playing the piano?
Who was the first CEO of IBM Japan?
When was overhand throwing allowed in baseball?
At what age did William Edward "Billy" Sing enlist?
Who is the author of "Life in Overtime"?
When did the war between the Tutsi and Hutu in Rwanda end?
What metal has the highest melting point?
What is the population of the Province of Frosinone (a suburb of Rome)?
When did the Sanskrit language originate?
Who was the first head of the Montparnasse district?
Is mind uploading scientifically possible?
Is Saburo Kitajima a horse racing fan?
What genre does "Panzer klein" belong to?
Who invented the telescope?
Is the heroine of "Magical Girl Lyrical Nanoha" a student?
Did Wang Jun have children?
What is the area of Frenchtown Charter Township, Michigan, (United States)?
Who directed the live-action adaptation of "Sukeban Deka"?
Who developed the yacht?
What does life mean in Ayurveda?
Who was the founder of the Republican Left of Catalonia?
Who was the first president of the Republic of Chile?
Does it usually cost money to go through a trial enrollment?
Did Kazuo Mafune have any experience playing baseball?
Who was the first head of the Date clan of Sendai?
Who was the star of "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning"?
Who was the pioneer of system engineering?
What is kin selection?
When was Williamsport in its prime?
Who was the first character to appear in Marvel Comics?
When did fictitious entries begin to enter into public consciousness?
Who was the first Japanese professional soccer player?
Were prisoners at the Yanji prison camp executed?
What was Ayn Rand's maiden effort?
What is faster-than-light communications and travel?
Is chronic thyroiditis a fatal disease?
Were the Seminole Wars a naval conflict?
What university did Karl Polanyi first enter?
Are menstrual pains a form of abdominal pain?
Why did the Mongol Empire have such military might?
Who was the first person to be executed during the Inquisition?
Why did relations between the Shias and Sunnis break down?
What document chronicled the Battle of Alesia?
Is it possible to purchase a new car in Cuba?
Is it possible to do trial enrollments at all schools in Japan?
At the time of the Attack on Friday Incident, had Takeshi Kitano (Beat Takeshi) been drinking?
Does the United Church of Canada practice idol worship?
When did the study of infinitesimal calculus originate?
Who was the first leader of the Green Movement in Freiburg im Breisgau?
When was Yarumela built?
How many railway companies are there in Japan?
What was Sakaguchi Jiro's occupation?
Have any jockeys died during a horse race in Japan?
When was England's Constitution completed?
Which is Jorge Luis Valdivia Toro's dominant foot?
Where did the Washington Naval Conference take place?
How old was Hatakeyama Shigetada when he died?
When did Mewtwo first appear in the Pokemon game series?
What was the first discovered satellite?
Which game got the most funding in the early access funding model?
Are there any incomplete works by Orlando di Lasso?
Do dried plums have an expiration date?
Did the Shakai Shugi Kyokai (Socialist Association) create any terrorists?
How many Pokemon series have been released until the end of 2018?
Has Giacomo Meyerbeer been to Africa?
Which political party is former Prime Minister Rafic Baha El Deen Al Hariri affiliated with?
Was Nakajima-cho bombed?
How many species of dinosaur have been discovered?
What is the most common power generation method in Japan?
What was Junzo Sekine's main defense position?
What caused ripples in Theravada Buddhism?
Who was the first driver to race in the Porsche 917?
Is it difficult to catch fish during a full moon?
When was the HMS Seal completed?
When was the word "aura" first used?
How old was Quanah Parker when she died?
What is the maximum width of the Hudson River?
Who was the first mayor of Wertheim?
When did the concept of custody first arise?
Is Pneumocystis jirovecii airborne?
When was Robert Tewsley born?
Who advocated dzogchen?
What is the largest real estate company in the United States?
How many days later were the bodies found in the Mount Tomuraushi incident?
How big are the M1903 Springfield's bullets?
Since when have the Sami people been living in the Kola Peninsula?
What was the first product invented by Jaeger-LeCoultre?
Is patent certification limited to each country?
Did banks start by lending money?
How was the Lelang Commandery defeated?
Is there a cure for myopathy?
What was the motive of the suspect in the shooting in Nagakute, Aichi?
When was the Palestinian militant organization Black September established?
How many years did Gordon Landsborough act as editor-in-chief of Authentic Science Fiction?
Which company had the highest Buddhist altar sales in 2018?
What was the population of the Biscay Province during its peak?
Until when did Germany have convoys?
When is the study of plant physiology first believed to have started?
What is the gender of Black Cat in Spider-Man?
What is parental control?
How many people died in the Battle of Yamazaki?
Was Nerthus a supreme diety?
In the Act on Special Measures concerning Prohibition of Entry of Specified Ships into Ports, which Japanese port prohibits entry?
Who coined the term hacktivism?
When was the Fukushima Daiichi Nuclear Power Plant completed?
What was the first PC that had a built-in File Allocation Table system?
Who was the founder of Hamilton Company?
Was George Fox a fundamentalist?
What is the largest glacier in the world?
There is such a thing as a debate competition that decides who is the best in the world.
How many Doraemon movies have been opened in theaters?
When did smoking tabacco start in Japan?
What was the first railroad that employed the use of marker lights?
What was Kriftel's population in 2018?
How many people died in the Siege of Leningrad?
Where in Japan has the biggest population of kakure kirishitans?
How many elephants were put down during World War II?
Who is the first blues guitarist?
When was the liquid rocket developed?
When did the Kingdom of the Netherlands collapse?
At what age did Hikaru Ijūin start to appear on TV?
Has the United States of America ever been a dictatorship?
Who is the pioneer of mass production education?
Who composed Yuzu's song Natsuiro?
Who is the pioneer of health informatics in China?
What does the name Weinstadt come from?
What does one do in Hajj?
Is François Vatel the subject of the movie?
How many political parties do the United States of America have?
Has Japan ever had a prison island?
What is the number one cause of benzodiazepine dependence?
Who was the radio announcer who broadcast the end of World War II?
Is self-consciousness, in regards to growth, related to the ego?
When was the first report of a case where a catholic priest had been sexually abusing a boy?
Who was the producer of Afternoon Show?
Was the Dachau Massacre a war crime?
Does the Republic of Belarus have a state religion?
Who is Buena Vista's owner?
How many hours is the longest work hours in Japan?
Why did the Dutch Golden Age end?
Who was the first yokozuna in Japan?
Did Robert E. Lee return alive?
What administration came after the Miyoshi Administration?
Why did Japan stop having kokushis?
Who are the singers for KISS?
Who was the leader of the Algerian government during the Algerian Civil War?
What material was rubidium discovered out of?
What is neurology?
Who was the first person who won a Career Grand Slam?
How many dargahs are there in India?
What was the largest number of crew members in the HMS Faulknor?
When did Masahiko Kimura become a pro wrestler?
What caused the 1994–95 Major League Baseball strike?
What was the political party that led the Tea Party movement?
What was the world's first credit card?
Is "koohii" wasei eigo?
What caused the First Balkan War?
Can researchers use research subsidies for personal reasons?
Were communists indiscriminately oppressed in Japan?
What is the first product that Apple sold?
How old was Yūki Munizō when he was baptized?
What is the area of the screen?
What is the race of Alex Smith?
Who was the first leader of the Japan Socialist Party?
Which country does the Cossack Hetmanate belong to in the present day?
What is the genre of the manga "Real Account?"
Is it legal to drift on an ordinary road?
Where did the Catholic Ustaše originate?
What is the record depth for a submarine?
Where is the Holy Roman Emperor Sigismund from?
When did Masahiro Takahashi's association football club win their first Japanese national championship?
When did over-the-counter trading originate?
Is proving a proposition a field of philosophy?
Have automatic train control systems been implemented in all routes?
When was the Kingdom of Italy abandoned?
What was the first software synthesizer to be developed?
Who founded Hokkaido Television Broadcasting?
Which Japanese route first implemented the overhead line?
When did shares originate?
What was Minamoto no Tametomo's mother's name?
Were there multiple coureur des bois?
Who founded Konami Amusement Co., Ltd.?
Who was the first doctor to diagnose delirium tremens?
How many ships were scrapped after being used in the Cold War?
What is the official language of Indigenous Australians?
When did adhesives originate?
In what year were the Boston Celtics founded?
How old was Fra Angelico when he passed away?
In which manga magazine was the baseball manga "Susume!! Pirates" serialized?
When was the Japan Railfan Club formed?
Is Myanmar a democratic country?
What was the maiden work of the cartoonist Zaijuu Mokusei?
Where is the Volturno?
Who is Sir Andrew Barron "Andy" Murray's coach?
Which museum houses the most works by Dong Qichang?
Who was the first lord mayor of Schwäbisch Hall?
Who discovered how to paint shadows?
Is a kidney transplant possible between any family member?
Who discovered the Nebra sky disk?
Which President of the United States spent the longest time in office?
What is the most common religion in Butzbach?
When did cloned sheep originate?
Is there a park next to Gamagōri City Library?
What was the last team that Josep Guardiola i Sala played for?
When were Antonín Dvořák's Slavonic Dances published?
How many soldiers were there in the Teutonic Order during the Polish-Lithuanian-Teutonic War?
Which variety show recorded the highest viewership in Japan?
Has Nikolas "Nik" Wallenda ever fallen off of a wire?
According to Social Darwinism, in which society is hierarchy formed?
How many years did Yoshirō Mori serve as the Prime Minister of Japan?
Who was the first king of the Loulan Kingdom?
What is the highest rank in the Japan Self-Defense Forces?
What percent was Japan's sugar self-sufficiency rate in 2018?
What are the main agricultural products of Verl?
What materials are used to make motorcycle tires?
What was the first page created on Wikipedia?
Who was the first director of Ueno Zoo?
Where is the largest mangrove forest?
When did the plan for the Fehmarn Belt Fixed Link first start?
What was the first Hollywood movie to cast a black actor?
What is the oldest surviving bayonet?
What shogunate came after the Muromachi shogunate?
What are the main agricultural products of France?
Between which stations did the Odakyu 7000 series LSE first run?
How old was Jacques Bernard "Jacky" Ickx when he retired?
Is the majority of South America Polynesian?
What is the main character's occupation in GREEN BLOOD?
When did Marxist feminism start?
Who invented the mask?
What was the United States' GDP in 2018?
Was participation in chariot racing voluntary?
What was the penalty for the criminal who assasinated President Kennedy?
When did the phrase "railway mania" first come about?
What are the main industries of Southend-on-Sea?
What was the turning point in the Spanish American wars of independence?
When was the disposable sanitary pad invented?
Do American universities have a set number of students for each race?
Who developed the activity model?
When did OpenText establish its Japanese subsidiary?
Which company first sponsored Carlos Sainz Vázquez de Castro?
Which edition of Weekly Gong had the highest sales?
When was the Belgariad published?
Were the Basques discriminated?
Which creature has the highest number of eyes?
What was Leah Roberts occupation when she disappeared?
What was Gary Barlow's debut song?
When did exchange programs start in Japan?
Who ordered the Kanazawa landfill project?
What is the area of Luxembourg?
Who was the first emperor of the Toltec Empire?
What was the first computer equipped with a serial port?
When did the lunar calendar start?
How old was Tsunetane Oda when he started judo?
What kind of religion is Huguenots?
Can newspaper reporters engage in political activities?
When did printing technology come to Japan?
When did the word "ikemen" first start getting used?
Are there limitations to the size of the canoe in canoe sports?
What are the main industries of Miyake-jima?
How old was the high school girl killed in the Mitaka stalker-murder case?
What is the name of the Russian government's spy agency?
Which musical film had the highest box-office revenue in the world?
What currency is used in England?
Which era is the story of the TV series Empress Ki based on?
How many toes does a horse have?
How long is Mammoth Cave?
What was Arthur Rimbaud's sexual orientation?
How long did the Golden Liberty period continue?
Where was "Tannhäuser" first performed?
Is kickboxing an Olympic sport?
Who founded Société Générale?
What is the largest country in central Asia?
What was the main reason for the rise of the Hittite Kingdom?
Is the cross the icon of the Japanese Orthodox Church?
What was the first route the KiHa 01 series railcar was used on?
Who was the first Japnese person to go to space?
What is the official language of Lamey Island?
How much does the Keikyu N1000 series of trains weigh?
What are the traits of performing R&B?
Was the movie "Seven" adapted from something?
Who was the first musician to adopt sectional writing?
Are there laws that restrict the use of RC airplanes?
What is the origin of the battle royale game?
What is the major religion of Salzburg?
What metallic element has the lowest melting point?
Who was the originator of environmental ethics?
What city in the United States developed the fastest?
What weapons do foot soldiers use?
Where did Kato Yoshiaki spend his later years?
Does no one get paid for doing fansubs?
Who was the first person diagnosed with epilepsy?
When was the dyeing technique for microscope observations developed?
Did the Catholic Church approve of West European countries forming colonies?
When was the United States dollar established?
When was Taiwan returned to China?
What company first developed a bus that runs on electricity?
Has a woman ever been elected president of the United States?
Were guns used in Koyama's Revolt?
What is the percentage for the onset of symptoms of Niemann-Pick disease?
Who was the first person diagnosed with thyroid cancer?
What work did Jean Alesi do after retirement?
What is the region in the United States with the highest sexual abuse towards boys?
How do heliozoa reproduce?
When did track and field sports first start to decide the winner from a photo finish?
Who invented the ignition system?
What is the area of Doubs in eastern France?
Do Japanese people need a visa to go to China?
Are stamps all a uniform size?
Who indicated that Otani Sunadome was constructed?
When did physics originate?
Who established the Swedish Red Cross?
Who discovered Neptune?
Did John Fulton Reynolds have children?
How many total home runs did Randy William Bass hit?
What is the religion of Mozambique?
How big is the aircraft carrier Enterprise?
How many fatalities were at the Battle of Cabin Creek?
How long do fruit flies spend as larva?
How many soldiers fought at the First Battle of Bull Run?
What was the first passenger plane in the world?
Is subroutine an IT term?
What is the name of the home stadium of the New York Yankees?
Is "The Lady Shogun and Her Men" in the alternate history genre?
What was the cause of the fall of House Lancaster?
What was Giovanni Fattori's final work?
Where does the computer term "page" come from?
What is the genre of the comic Brahman?
Is the tabletop RPG "Seven=Fortress" Played on the computer?
Who is the founder of China?
What was David Kellogg Lewis's final place of learning?
Are there any countries that have German as a second language?
Who was the first emperor of the Yamato era?
When did daytrading begin?
What is the oldest recorded war?
What was Michel Colucci's debut work called?
What is the total land area of Rahden?
Can paxillus involutus be cultivated artificially?
What is the land area of Freiburg im Breisgau?
At what age did Eleftherios Venizelos die?
Where did Yanagiwara Byakuren meet her end?
What was Rafael Nadal Parera's highest international ranking?
What color are Saturn's rings?
Do Orangutans have a societal class structure?
What line was the Kojaku Tetsudo C4 Steam Engine used on?
Who was the progenitor of Finnish architecture?
When was the Deutsche Bundesbank established?
When was Jason Kidd's career high?
Does boredom lower work efficiency?
Where was the first pedestrian and cyclist road in Japan installed?
Where was the fiercest battlefield during the Pacific War?
Where is Kokoda Track?
How large was HMS Furious?
Other than aluminum, what are train bodies made of?
When did flowering plants begin to appear?
When did baseball mangas originate?
Are there any medical doctors living in the International Space Station?
What was the first program broadcast by Lifetime?
When did the one-child policy in China begin?
When did Iran become a democracy?
Was homosexuality widely accepted among samurai in the Sengoku period?
How many professional association football leagues in Japan?
What is the state capital of Missouri?
What is the meaning of saga in the Rambo saga?
How did the House of Lusignan rise?
Do MiniDiscs use magneto-optical discs?
What are the differences between the Japanese nation under Ritsuryo codes and Japan as a dynastic nation-state?
Was Niccolò Machiavelli antagonistic toward the House of Medici?
When was the world's first heavy cruiser developed?
Who developed the thermometer?
In what year was the Morse telegraphic instrument developed?
What was the cause of death for Imad al-Din Zengi?
How large was the Space Shuttle external tank?
Are there any Indian reservations in Arkansas at present?
Do manufacturers carry out branding for luxury vehicles?
How many years did the Eastern Wu last?
Where was Mitsuyo Maeda born?
Where is Wang Laboratories headquartered?
What was the size of the USS Indianapolis?
When did humankind first arrive in England?
When did Bingo Pinball originate?
What are the differences between civil conciliation and family conciliation?
What is the land area of Taiwan?
Where is Kyoiku Shuppan headquartered?
When was Shueisha founded?
Is Buddhism the model for Sekai Mahikari Bunmei Kyodan?
Are there any descendants of the Brontë sisters?
Is Galactus from Marvel Comics a human?
When did dog breeding originate?
How many Japanese dialects are there?
What was the first automobile equipped with a semi-automatic transmission?
What is the elevation of Kholat Syakhl?
Where was Lauda Air Flight 004 headed toward before it crashed?
When was Andrew Lloyd Webber born?
For how many days was Jesus crucified?
What was the size of the Martigny–Châtelard Railway ABDe2/4 21-22 train?
What was Wayne Rainey's occupation after retirement?
What is the maximum velocity of the kitefin shark?
What is the major industry in Grand County?
When was Andrea Palladio born?
What was the size of the Japanese National Railways Class 70 train?
What is Japan's record for it's highest FIFA ranking?
Has Toshiharu Ueda ever played a game with Sadaharu Oh?
Is there any wildlife in Capital Leaf National Park?
What is the origin of Online Games?
Which author influenced Moppo Tomita?
Was Murong Ping married?
Who invented integral calculus?
Why did the Grand Duchy of Galicia–Volhynia fall?
What is karate armor made of?
In what year was Simón Bolívar born?
When was the hero Siegfried born?
What are the main agricultural products grown in Chuo Ward, Niigata?
Who invented Modafinil?
What is the maximum crew size of CSS Albemarle?
When was the first Japanese Army Comfort Woman statue built by a Korean group in the Philippines?
What is the origin of the word "kagemusha"?
What is the origin of dance balls?
When was Christianity first introduced to Iraq?
In which battle was the Elefant Heavy Tank Destroyer introduced?
Who was the father of independence in the Republic of Peru?
Why did the Hokkaido Takushoku Bank, Ltd. go out of business?
Who was the Mongolian researcher who discovered the Opisthocoelicaudia fossil?
Where was Erich Wolfgang Korngold born?
Where was Prince Ōama born?
What was the maximum capacity of the Wapen von Hamburg?
How old was Liu Cixin when he published "The Three-Body Problem II :The Dark Forest"?
Are the Ainu part of the Inuit ethnic group?
Was Mencius a political philosopher?
Who discovered mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome?
Why did Zurvanism die out?
Was "Akujo Seisho" ever made into a drama?
When did internet auctions arise?
Is Mount Tomuraushi covered with snow all year long?
How big was the Ertuğrul Fırkateyni?
When did sarakin start in Japan?
When was the overhead camera invented?
In what year was the first draft of the International Law of the Sea written?
Who discovered long‐period ground motion?
What divides the Republic of Dominica with Haiti?
When was hyperuricemia first diagnosed?
Who invented chiral auxiliaries?
Is asthma a congenital disease?
Who's slave was Sojourner Truth at the time of her death?
Can amateur baseball teams also use Kawasaki Fujimi Stadium?
How is the Dalai Lama selected?
Which university did Nevil Maskelyne study at?
Which company built the world's first airliner?
Who invented Kubernetes?
What is the most common element in the Earth's crust?
How large are leopards?
What was the first game title developed for the Nintendo Game Cube?
Who invented buses?
How old was Paul Fredrick Simon at the time of his debut?
Who was the first mayor of Lage?
Where did Elizabeth Ann Seton spend her final years?
How many Pokemon are there in total?
Who obtained the first patent in Japan?
Why was Japan's first pro wrestling broadcast canceled?
What was Misako Yasuda's debut performance?
Do attorneys bear the burden of proof legally?
What was the population of Tamaki City in Watarai District, Mie Prefecture in 2018?
Which Japanese judicial precedent first applied copyright protection laws?
Is Johnny and Associates' ARASHI a boy band?
Who is the founder of Grotrian-Steinweg?
When was the first special-needs school founded?
Are there any countermeasures for human FOD?
When was Benjamin Libet born?
When does the rainy season begin in Japan?
When did Taiwan declare independence from China?
What was Tiberius Julius Caesar's reason for ordering Christ's execution?
What is Japan's largest lake?
How big was the Tiger I?
Do witch doctors still exist in Japan?
Was Piglet an animal that really exists?
Is it legal in Japan to use foreign over-the-counter drugs to induce an abortion?
Who is the founder of Tomy Company?
Who was the founder of the Suyamashi?
When did the South Manchuria Railway open?
When was Craig Thomas born?
What was Pete Seeger's debut song?
Is there valid criticism about Hermann Ebbinghaus's Forgetting Curve?
Does a child born in America to Japanese parents have dual citizenship?
How big is Europa?
At what age did Timur die?
Which town in England is the largest?
Who were the first humans to reach Uruguay?
When was ethanol discovered?
What was Akiyuki Nosaka's first produced work?
What is the origin of the name of the Sam Browne belt?
Did Dungeons & Dragons use the early access fundraising model?
What is the lingua franca of the Pueblo people?
What was the GDP of South Korea in their 2018 fiscal year?
How many keys does a piano have?
What is the lot size of Higashisanjoudono?
Who possesses the most Fabergé eggs?
Who was the first town mayor of Tomo, in Fukuyama City, Hiroshima?
What is the size of Spain's territorial waters?
What gender was Giorgione?
What is the difference between light novels and pure literature?
From what age did Nobutane Hirata run Edo?
Who wrote the draft for the Disaster Victim Life-Rebuilding Support Law?
What was the average life expectancy for a kisaeng, a female Korean entertainer?
How was Monza developed?
What was Gaiseric's cause of death?
What is the protagonist's occupation in Days Of Our Lives?
When did the practice of beginning professional education during upper secondary education first start?
From where do country singers originate?
Were the communist student movements armed conflicts?
Who was the founder of Scientology?
What was Andrea Palladio's final work of architecture?
In which country is Sierra Entertainment headquartered?
When was the gun turret developed?
From where does baseball originate?
What is the origin of the name of the Battle of Dinwiddie Court House?
What is a life peerage?
What is the main agricultural product of Mie prefecture?
What year was the first Japanese television broadcast?
Where is Ross Winans's grave?
How did Erich Alfred Hartmann die?
Does China's constitution also apply in Hong Kong?
Do cars use OHV engines?
How long is the video, 11B-X-1371?
Why did the Jurassic period end?
Who was the pioneer of landscape architecture?
Was the Keihanshin Local Line damaged in the Great Hanshin earthquake?
Were there casualties as a result of the Cadet Revolution?
What was the population of Brandenburg at the time of the Swedish invasion of Brandenburg,?
Are there any state-run television networks in Japan?
What is the oldest Hanshin Electric Railway station?
When did the biwa come to Japan?
Where did the first white settlers to America land?
What was Michelangelo's religion?
What was the first acknowledged Important Intangible Folk Cultural Property of Japan?
In which country did track and fields sports begin?
What was the first computer with a graphical user interface?
Was the Aegis Ballistic Missile Defense System developed for the missiles from North Korea?
What is the full length of the Rio Grande?
When was Wang Anshi born?
Did Rogers' Rangers fight on the front lines?
How many countries are there in North Africa?
Who invented the neutrino detector?
When was the Seibu ku-ha 1411 form train completed?
For how many days did Space Shuttle Columbia stay in space?
What is the setting of the story, Double Arts?
Was the HMS Tartar mounted with guns?
Where did the Miami Dolphins rank in the 2018 season?
How many members did HeatMiser have when it formed?
When did Nicholas II of Russia abdicate?
To what political party does Brereton Chandler Jones belong?
What is the largest American state by area?
What is the oldest megabank in Japan?
Is a rainbow the symbol of the LGBTQ community?
Who founded the Ostwestfalen-Lippe University of Applied Sciences?
What is thermal energy?
What was the primary livelihood of the Burakumin people?
Who came up with the word "black company?" (burakku kigyō)
Is there an art gallery in Shepherds Bush?
What game console can you play "Aoki Ōkami to Shiroki Mejika Genghis Khan" on?
What are the major industries in Vlotho?
What are the major industries in Stemwede?
What year did Sarah Jennings die?
Was the movie "Kyuuketsuki" (Vampire) nominated for an academy award?
Where did Otto Klemperer first conduct?
What is the max speed of the Concorde?
Who developed asbestos?
How big is the Sangi Railways' Moha model 100 train?
When was online storage developed?
How big is the moon?
What company holds the most patents?
Naoki Urasawa's "MONSTER"
Is body dysmorphic disorder connected to anorexia?
Is there a religious faith that promotes positive thinking?
How many people died in the Battle of Lake Erie?
How old was William Dickson Boyce when he founded the Boy Scouts?
How much did the Wappen von Hamburg weigh?
How did Josef Mengele pass away?
Who pioneered hip hop?
Who pioneered neoclassical music?
Do hidden orchestras perform during game soundtracks?
How tall was Otto Carius?
Who was the proponent of proof theory?
When did the use of license plates becomes required in the People's Republic of China?
When was the last time that Seibu's model 501 train ran?
When was cache memory first released?
What kind of championship is the Formula 2 championship?
At what age did Countess Constance Georgine Markievicz become a politician?
What year was Yasuhiro Yamashita born?
What is the largest railway station in Southern Bavaria, Germany?
When was WorldStar first released?
Did the unofficial partners of the Stasi receive compensation?
What is the worlds largest observatory?
When did nine-ball originate?
What is the fastest speed a car can go according to physics?
What is the largest park in Schwalbach am Taunus?
How many brothers did Minamoto no Noriyori have?
What was Zhāng Fēi's main hobby?
In Japan, when did people start calling their superiors and seniors "boss?"
When was torrenting first developed?
Who was in charge of the first published caricature drawing in Charlie Hebdo.
What is the occupation of the person who proposed Suggestopedia?
Has Max Beauty ever been injured?
Was "Nobunaga's Ambition: Ranseiki" (Nobunaga no Yabō: Ranseiki) ever sold overseas?
What was Sam Raimi's debut work?
How many Native American tribes are there?
What was the first company to start producing easy open ends?
Who discovered chromosomes?
What was the first secret gadget to appear in the Doraemon series?
Where is the capital of Shanghai?
How many articles are there in the Broadcast Act?
How many types of logical fallacy are there?
Which Japanese actor participated in the 1900 Paris Exposition?
In which round of the NBA draft was Tony Parker selected?
What sentence did the culprit of the Neomugicha incident receive?
How big is Fort Eben-Emael?
Who discovered Listeria monocytogenes?
When was Ada Ciganlija finished?
For how many years was Minamoto no Yoritomo exiled?
Is the ice at the South Pole floating on the surface of the water?
When was the Labor Standards Act enacted in Japan?
What was the occupation of the suspect involved in the Nagakute hostage situation and shooting at the time of the incident?
Which country was the wealthiest during the triangular trade period?
Where does Westeros's name come from?
Who was the first mayor of Burlington?
Does Saint George appear in the New Testament?
What is bohemianism?
What is the largest volcano on Jupiter?
What is Zanesville's main industry?
What was Japan's first fantasy manga?
When did hair loss first occur in the world?
What is the largest estimated size of any mammoth found to date?
Did D. Napier & Son Limited also manufacture military aircraft?
What region has the largest population of Odawa people?
Does Denmark currently have a state religion?
What was the first song composed by Anton Bruckner?
What kind of chariot was the "divine chariot" which appears in the Book of Ezekiel?
When will the time capsules buried in Osaka Castle Park during the Japan World Exposition 1970 be returned to those who buried them?
Has Daisuke Yamai ever pitched a perfect game?
How many people were being governed during the time of Colonial Brazil?
Who was the first proponent of spiritual care?
Does water exist on Mercury?
Can gamma-ray bursts be seen with the human eye?
What is the main cause of intra-abdominal pain?
Where is the world's oldest surviving dragon kiln?
At what age did Raymond van Barneveld start playing darts?
When did agriculture start in Japan?
Who found the first Torvosaurus fossil?
When did India's caste system first appear?
Where is the headquarters of Denver & Rio Grande Western Railroad?
In Japan, is it mandatory to give birth in a hospital?
Where is Masami Keimoto from?
When was the Nara period?
Is there a dance scene in "Magadheera"?
Which ministry handles environmental issues in Japan?
What is the floor area of the British Library?
Who founded Lippstadt?
What was the first radio program to be broadcast on CBS?
Who was the first coach of FC Barcelona's soccer team?
Can mental disabilities be completely cured with treatment?
What is the difference between a cabaret club and a salon?
Who discovered magnetism?
When was the original "Bridge on the River Kwai" published?
When was the Sherman Firefly completed?
Is Daniel Joseph Richard married?
When was William Isaac Thomas beaten?
When did humanity first discover fire?
What kind of assistance is Trade Adjustment Assistance?
Which sports competition was the first to use instant replay?
From which university is Emmanuel Todd an alumnus?
Who were the pioneers of professional mountaineering?
How many tons was the light cruiser Chervona Ukraina?
What was Japan's first duty-free shop?
What's the biggest city in the American state of New Mexico?
Who is the protagonist of "Double Arts"?
Is the Rugby Union derived from rugby?
Was Bedřich Smetana a nationalist?
Has "Discussions on Russian Peoples" been published?
In what round of the draft was Nathaniel Archibald named?
When were issues concerning the Filter Bubble phenomenon first raised?
What was John Lawrence Seigenthaler's first published book?
Where did evolutionary psychology develop?
How many battleships did the Continental Navy have?
Which country was the first to develop fighter aircrafts?
Does Cora Pearl have children?
When typing Japanese with a keyboard, which input method theoretically makes for a faster typing speed, Kana or Alphabet?
In Japan, is salary earned during trial periods?
Does producing green stool mean that you are sick?
Where does Naki originate from?
At what age did Sir Edmund Barton become Prime Minister?
How tall is Triple H?
Who discovered Alkyl-Substituted Biarylphosphine Ligands?
How are the athlete lodgings from the 2012 London Olympics being reused?
Has the Soryu-class submarine been used in battle?
What was the largest religion in the Principality of Polotsk?
When was the stack machine developed?
What is the fastest record for the Kanaguri Shisou Marathon?
Who is the director of "Neon Genesis Evangelion"?
How many members initially formed the Belyayev Circle?
Is diabetic neuropathy completely curable?
How many municipalities are in the state of Colorado?
Who is the pioneer of behavioral ecology?
Who is the actor that plays the main character in "The West Wing"?
What was the common language of the Kingdom of Hungary?
When was the People's Liberation Army Kahoku Yasengun formed?
When was the cotton gin first introduced to Japan?
When was Yūichi Sugita born?
What was James Joyce's debut work?
What high school did Rodney Harrison attend?
Who is the pioneer of volcanology?
Where Soviet movies required to be censored?
How old was Stefan Magaddino when he died?
Who was the first governor of the state of Colorado?
Do foreigners need qualifications to teach at English conversation schools?
Is Wilkes-Barre facing the sea?
Why were the Molly Maguires formed?
In what year was Macedonia (ancient kingdom) established?
Is there public order and safety in Atlanta?
Have there been any confirmed sightings of grey reef sharks in Japan?
Is Staten Island Tunnel being used in any way?
What is the boiling point of alcohol?
Where was Alexej von Jawlensky’s father from?
How many years do you normally study at special needs schools?
At what age did Ran Min die?
Is Eldfell an active volcano?
What was in the Edict of Gülhane?
When was the Hankyu train-90 built?
Who discovered moduli spaces?
When was the invincible-class aircraft carrier constructed?
Why did the production of the Volkswagen Beetle end?
When did the production of the camcorder start?
When was the rational choice theory created?
Paleozoic Silurian niha.
How big is the destroyer USS O'Bannon?
Is the Mediterranean Sea warm all year?
What was the capital of the Ottoman Empire?
When were diesel multiple-unit trains first developed?
When was perspective drawing discovered?
What is the maximum number of passengers that the Lisbon Maru can take?
Which is the biggest city in the South American continent?
What was Jack Higgins’s debut work?
Until when did the Supreme Court of the German Empire exist?
Why were Joan Fontaine’s parents in Japan?
Which social class did Bekki Akitsura belong to?
What is the capital of the Basque country in Spain?
Have organoids actually been implemented in the medical field?
How long was the longest Super Bowl match?
When was Robert le Diable created?
Who was Czechoslovakia’s representative in the Munich Agreement?
Where was General Albert Johnston from?
What is the world’s biggest district?
Are the Niagara Falls part of Upper Canada?
Who discovered infrared galaxies?
When were numerically-controlled machine tools discovered?
How many square kilometers is the Indianapolis Motor Speedway in area?
Where was Ansel Adams from?
Which animal fur used in making fur coats has the highest unit price?
How many race tracks exist in Japan?
Is there an insect repellent that works on potato cyst nematodes?
Who developed video random access memory?
How high is the Kawagoe Castle?
How big is Utoro District in area?
Who created the paging system?
What was the motive behind the culprit of the Neomugicha bus hijacking incident?
Who developed the vector processor?
Is it possible to climb Mount Usu?
Is subscribing to Engadget free?
Who won the Spanish American wars of independence?
When were the Saitama Seibu Lions formed?
Who was in command of the Union during the Battle of Hatteras Inlet Batteries?
Where did the Ball of the Burning Men take place?
Do Taiwanese people need to obtain Chinese passports?
How many different video game consoles did Nintendo create up to the year 2018?
What is the most widely circulated product in grey markets in the United States?
Do the sizing standards for American and European clothing use different numbers?
How intense are the involuntary movements that can occur as a side effect of Ritalin?
What was the last work written by the playwright Beaumarchais?
When was the CART race first held?
Who invented the drive sprocket?
Who is the founder of 3dfx Interactive?
When was Keith Richards born?
What is the biggest difference between British and European schools of philosophy?
How old was Charles Lutwidge Dodgson when he died?
Which ASEAN nation has the highest level of pro-Japanese sentiment among its citizens?
In what year did Taketora Ogata die?
What is the largest religion in the Basque region?
When was the Tin Can Cathedral constructed?
How many ships were sunk in the North Channel naval duel?
Who was the pioneer of the development of the contemporary form of classical music?
When was the autofocus lens created?
What is the oldest site in Japan that is recognized as an 'Important Cultural Property'?
When did Henry Pike Bowie first visit Japan?
When was online storage first created?
In which country was the violin invented?
Which company invented the portable toilet?
Would implementing ICT more in elections help make the election process clearer?
Did Kūkai ascend Mt. Hiei?
Did Stalinism come about spontaneously?
When was the Nyon–St-Cergue–Morez Railway built?
What fuel is used on railways?
When did professional wrestling arrive in Japan?
How many square miles of land did the Ottoman Empire control during its peak?
Who was the first secretary-general of the European Union?
How many different groups of indigenous people are there in Taiwan?
At what latitude is Longyearbyen located?
Did Lucas Pope marry a Japanese person?
Are there trains that don't have interlocking?
Who discovered prime numbers?
Who came up with the story of the yuki-onna?
Who aired the first simultaneous broadcast in Japan?
How big is the Kiev-class aircraft carrier?
Was the signing of the Magna Carta forced by the aristocracy?
How many square miles is the province of Ontario?
Do Quakers wear any religious attire?
How big is Jaeger-LeCoultre's smallest calibre in the world?
When did midnight broadcasts first begin in Japan?
Where did soccer originate?
Does Kyoto University's Professor Yamanaka conduct research on organoids?
Who was the first person to discover an Opabinia fossil?
When was P2M invented?
How old was Thomas Matthews when he enlisted in the military?
Where does the Eurasian continent fall in the ranking of the world's largest continents?
Which organization decides the world colleges ranking?
What is the ideology behind the movement to abolish the death penalty?
Is there a name for the notion of living things evolving gradually?
Which US Midwest state has the largest population?
When did Berry Gordy, Jr. meet Michael Jackson?
Were there opposition movements at the time of construction of the Meya Dam?
Who was the first prime minister of the Soviet Union?
Is there a case where the HIV virus was completely eradicated?
When was the torpedo boat first developed?
For which game was ASTRO PORT first developed?
Who was the first president of the Republic of Mauritius?
How many Pokémon centers are there in Japan?
What is the main industry of Madison County, Illinois?
What is the debut work of Sousuke Sagara?
Did Kyosuke Tsuda win a Nobel Prize?
Which country has the largest number of ethnic groups?
How many years in total did Muhammad Jusuf Kalla serve as the President?
When did the phrase fake news first appear?
How many copies of the comic Okosama Lunch were published?
Has the €10,000 bill ever existed?
How many books are in the Funabashi City West Library collection?
In Japan, did they believe that a camera was a device to suck out the soul?
When did the crackdown of illegal distribution of music online start?
Who starred in "Blue Thunder"?
How many teeth does the Pacific angelshark have?
Was "SUPER ZUGAN" published in book form?
What year did Turner Classic Movies start broadcasting as a dedicated channel?
Why were animals created in Christianity?
When was the English history of Thomas Babington Macaulay authored?
How many years has Patrick James Riley been an active player?
Is there any country where bisexuality is treated as a crime?
What was the turning point in the Livonian War?
How much does Tantalum weigh?
Where did coureurs de bois come from?
When was Tell Basta founded?
When was the first fighting novel written?
How big was the first Minox?
What are the most prominent characteristics of Psittacidae?
Is water exported from Japan?
When did the Look East Policy start?
It is possible to enter the Potala Palace to sightsee?
What was the breaking pitch that Takao Obana threw?
What is Murong Ping's gender?
Where was John Adair first captured by the British Armed Forces?
Who is the founder of New World Computing, Inc.?
Was the building called "Kotten" used as a residence?
At what age did Publius Cornelius Scipio Africanus Major die?
Are there slums in London?
What is South Sudan's most loved religion?
Where is the Droeshout portrait stored?
When did the development of the omnidirectional monitor and linear sheet begin?
Is the setting of the "Gundam series" story the future?
What was Yoda's first appearance in Star Wars?
When was Tommy Wiseau born?
What is the surface temperature of Iapetus?
How many times does the Japanese National Diet meet per year?
Who won the Second Battle of Corinth?
At what age did Tatsuo Obata die?
What is the Hanshin Tigers' team color?
What is the oldest torpedo boat in the world?
What is the population of Gambia?
Is community broadcasting responsible for the broadcasting of every town?
How long is the Hudson River?
How many people died in the Battle of the Head of Passies?
Does Atlanta's climate have extremes of hot and cold?
When did program picture shows in Japan begin?
What is a multi-ethnic nation?
Did the Sunagawa Incident result in bloodshed?
What was Randy William Bass's lifetime batting average?
Was Confucius born there?
Who was the pioneer of American Comics?
Was Himiko an Emperor?
Who is the father of the girl impregnated due to the droit du seigneur?
Are there still aristocrats in France?
Were Torvosauruses herbivors?
How many perpetrators were involved in the Tochigi Lynching Incident?
What was Hermes the god of?
When was the Chinese language created?
When was the Kuril Islands Cultural Exchange with Hokkaido Promotion Committee established?
When was the Astrophysics Data System developed?
How tall was Daniel Ray Ainge when he was active?
In what year did William III die?
At what age did Kevin Edward McHale retire?
Was Austria a French colony?
What country does the Columbia River look out onto?
What are the key industries in Usingen?
Is excessive hairiness harmful to your health?
When did Bruce Lee move to America?
What was the first product sold as digital media?
Were the strong winds utilized in the actual battle?
Was Stonehenge made by humans?
How many Americans first settled in the Republic of Texas?
What is the surface temperature of Pluto?
Is there a dependence on tetrahydrocannabinol itself?
Where was Paul Gerhardt born?
How big was the Farman III aircraft?
When was Shunga created?
Where was the last Spanish manuscript of the Gospel of Barnabas confirmed?
When was Hideyuki Ishizeki born?
When was the USS Sea Lion developed?
What was the last poem written by Doppo Kunikida?
What are the symptoms caused by pseudomonos aeruginosa?
What is the origin of the name "Schrodinger equation"?
What is the main religion of Bad Sachsa?
Who is the publishing company for "Meiryo Emperor Jiro Gotori"?
What was the number of participants for the Komatsu Festival in 2018?
Are the Catacombs of Paris government-managed?
Is CBS a national broadcaster?
Who developed the shader?
Who invented the thyristor?
When was the beginning of the American movie industry?
Who compiled the "Historia Augusta"?
Who was the first president of France?
Were funds from the government used in the chemical industries of wartime Germany?
When was the beginning of the Kneipp-style Mizutani?
How did it become possible for mankind to use a wide singing range?
Who was Japan's first certified public accountant?
When was the word "biophotonics" born?
When did the bus industry begin?
Where was Shigetada Gunji born?
What was the first product developed by the Digital Equipment Corporation?
Is the Lolita complex a type of fetishism?
Who was the founder of the International Aeronautical Federation?
What is the longest river in Germany?
Does Germany have any national railways within the country?
What is the final academic background of Lars von Trier?
What was the population of Bristol, England, in 2018?
Who is "Ultron" in the "Age of Ultron"?
When was the train series 10400 first operated?
What is the oldest station of the Hanshin Electric Railway?
How many bowstrings are in a harpsichord?
What are the words used by Christians to express reverence to God?
Who was the first mayor of Rietberg?
How many people were killed in action in the Battle of al-Qadisiyyah?
When was automatic pilot first introduced in airplanes?
What are the symbols in the national flag of Croatia?
Does Japan have laws that support the employment of intellectually disabled persons?
When did Buddhist altars come into use?
Why are fictional articles intentionally included in dictionaries?
Who stars in "The Jungle Book"?
Which university did Hermann Schmitz graduate from?
How many volumes were released of "Karate Master"?
How many people were killed in action because of the Battle of Quezerin Island?
What kinds of meaning does the word "fudai" have?
Does hydrogen bonding occur in the air?
How many years is law school?
How large is the constitution?
What is a "piston-type internal-combustion engine"?
Who was the pioneer of Greek architecture?
What do you call the letters of the ancient Egyptian language?
What is an "offshore market"?
What is the occupation of Nobita's father in "Doraemon"?
What are the names of the Seven Kingdoms of England?
Is there a protein intake?
What was the game in which the word "tie break" was first used?
What was the number of casualties in the Red River Campaign?
Where is the oldest post office in Japan?
What is the power of an Italian National Railways ALn442-448 diesel train?
What was the final rank of John Dickinson?
What was Einstein's IQ?
In terms of medicine, does lack of consciousness point to a muddy state?
What kind of sports are there in motor sports?
In terms of Mathematics, when did the concept of surface emerge?
Is there a need for development consultants to be registered with the ministry?
When were cyanobacteria discovered?
What is the smallest computer in the world?
Is "word" a nickname?
When did golf arrive in Japan?
At what age did Johanna Maria Magdalena Goebbels pass away?
When was the RICO Act enacted
What is track gauge conversion?
How many series of the American movie Star Wars are announced?
Did Kiyotaka Kuroda have children?
In the case where a child, in which both parents who are foreigners, is born in Japan, will he be unable to obtain a Japanese citizenship?
What is the world's largest plant?
What do you call the profession which performs tests of games in the development phase?
After Columbus first set sail, where was the first place he arrived at
When did people start to inhabit Penang island
Can anyone join if they apply for a membership?
What is the difference between a criminal court and a civil affair?
What is the origin of the name Higgs boson?
Do terrorist groups exist in Judaism?
When was the Supported Decision-making Legislation enacted?
What was the handedness of Kazunori Shinozuka, left or right?
How big is Jabba the Hutt from Star Wars?
Who invented the steam engine?
Where was Nigel Hitchin born
What was the original language in which Gospel of Barnabas was written
At what age did Sir Edmund Burton pass away?
What is the common language in Geseke?
What is the area of Friesland of Netherlands?
What is the oldest US military base in Japan?
How big is Senegal?
What was the best-selling work of Robert Louis Stevenson?
How long is the train "Royal Blue"?
Mirko Cro Cop's height is
What was Victor Canning's maiden work?
When did the production of cigarettes start in Japan
When parents have intellectual disabilities, are they not allowed to have custody of their children?
Where is the largest American flag stored?
What is the highest-selling work by Victor Canning?
How many victims were there in the Namsos campaign?
Is Karl Christian Gmelin a biologist?
Who made the original Back to the Future?
Is Polaris in X-Men human?
How many dialects are there in Japan?
Is there a medical license for Unani medicine?
Where was George Clifford born?
Has a First Gentleman ever been born in this world?
What is the protagonist's profession in Ken Follett's "The Pillars of the World"?
Where did acupuncture originate from?
Who is the founder of Wikipedia?
When was a national welfare system introduced in Japan?
An arcade game is a game you can play at an arcade?
How big are the bullets for a Thompson submachine gun?
What sort of state was Italy in before Italian unification?
What is the target age of Grand Theft Auto 4?
What age was Mary I when she died?
Did Wizardry manage to set up coop play online?
Who founded Bungaku and Chiseisha?
How many years did Carthage exist for?
When was the Tsugaru Maru banned?
Who founded Sega?
In which of Michael Moorcock's novels did Melniboné appear?
How many known elements are there?
Is someone who uses a cylinder head porting a mechanic?
Has Japan ever started an amphibious war?
When did agriculture first appear on the Japanese archipelago?
When did Cambodian Rocks music first go on sale?
Who was the first admiral of an Andrea Doria-class battleship?
What is the society with the most insects?
When was Kawagoe Castle completed?
Why did the Kingdom of Yugoslavia collapse?
What was Osami Nagano's last school?
Who was the first rector of Newcastle University, UK?
Where is Johns Hopkins University?
What is the largest city in Denmark?
What war did the German battleship Scharnhorst first take part in?
When was Aung San Suu Kyi released?
What kind of theory is Morse theory?
What is the efficient-market hypothesis?
What was the mother tongue of Maria Feodorovna?
Which university did Peter Gustav Dirichlet belong to?
What was the profession of J. Howard Miller?
What was the academic speciality of Ikuo Arai?
When did the Incan Empire collapse?
When did meditation spread to the West?
What was the first type of Frankia to be discovered?
When did North Korean ballistic missile tests begin?
How much military force was Napoleon in command of?
When did the Pittsburgh Pirates first win the league?
What age was Yamamoto Kansuke when he left home?
When was construction of the Dutch high speed rail completed?
What was the first computer to be equipped with Intel 80386?
Who was the pioneer of quantum physics?
Does the Medici family mansion still exist?
Where was Anna Cooke from?
What is the main produce of Sanda town, Mie prefecture?
Did Emilio Aguinaldo take part in the Battle of Luzon Island?
What gender was William Edgar Borah?
Is there an implemention period for international law?
Where did Eugene Fama and Kenneth French meet?
Is the International Labour Organization against indentured servitude?
NA - see comment
Who was the first westerner to arrive in Haiti?
What was the inspiration for Fujio F. Fujiko's Doraemon?
Who invented Venlafaxine?
Who exposed the Lockheed bribery scandals?
Who was the first Mitsubishi Ki-21 pilot ?
Is Brian Walter Guiness the founder of Guiness Beer ?
ddddd
Are there any Multicellular organisms that perform Cellular respiration ?
When is the origin of Jingiskan dated to ?
What size are muse cells
What is Moby Grape's debut song ?
Who is Joseph Beuys's art mentor?
When did the U.S.A. stop producing 1 dollar coins?
Who first discovered Livingstone Island?
Who first invented Manchester Mark I ?
Which country was the largest exporter of crude oil in 2018?
When was Glass-Steagall Act first used in a case ?
What year was Jessie James born ?
How many soldiers did the Union Army have during the battle of Westport ?
Are there any political parties that have emerged from derivation during the New Age?
What is the biggest breed of Parrot?
Who built the Castle of Konotop ?
How did the 13th floor elevators disband ?
Are Reserve Self-Defense Official's paid hourly ?
When can the origin of Kyogen be dated to ?
Who was Nahiko Tsukigata's pottery teacher?
What are the effects of Heroin ?
Is Takeshi Kikuike an artist ?
Who was the original founder of the Hiruma City Cultural Exchange Center ?
When was the Amakusa Tourism Association established ?
When were torpedo boats brought into Japan ?
How large was the House of Hapsburg ?
What was the worlds first competetive fighting game ?
Who owns the Droeshout portrait ?
Is there a castle in Borgentreich city?
What is the origin for the naming of Butzbach?
When was shock absorber invented ?
How long did Robert E Lee serve as a General ?
What is the common language of the Blackfoot people ?
When did Marxist thinking reach Poland ?
What was the first table talk RPG to be streamed worldwide ?
How many stations are on the Nagano Electric Railway?
When was the Destroyer Obanon completed ?
Who is the creator of DEC Alpha
When was Quebec established ?
What region is the Northernmost point of Spain called ?
Where is Les Paul from ?
How many people were there in the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization?
Where does the naming of 'Metacomet' come from of the Metacomet ridge ?
What age did Albert Ayler begin creating music ?
What was the first race to impliment safety cars ?
Is the main character in 'Gentlemen Prefer Blondes' from Little Rock ?
When was 'The Belgariad' sold ?
Are there any Native American Cultural anthropologists ?
What was Jeanne de Constantinople's cause of death ?
How old was Robert Perkins Letcher when he died ?
How did Indians reach the Florida Islands ?
When did human kind reach Malaysia ?
How long is the Seishun 18 ticket valid ?
What country was the first Female painter born in ?
What is the world's largest cat family
When was Yoshino Castle built
When did Che Guevara first go to Cuba?
Where is the list where I can check for alternative names for diseases?
When did Symboli Rudolf retire?
How many "Dungeons & Dragons" have been sold?
What was the population of the Angevin Empire during its golden age?
When was Arjuna born?
At what age did William Borah die?
When was the first three-wheeled vehicle invented
Did the Piraha people mine for gold?
Who was the last emperor of the Roman Empire?
What was the motive for the Columbine High School massacre?
Did the Belyayev circle perform traditional Russian music?
How large in size is the area of Heilbronn?
When was the concept of the ability to assume legal responsibility applied to criminal law
When did the New Great Game begin?
What was the total box office revenue for the prequel to the Harry Potter movies?
How many kinds of indigenous people does the United States of America have?
As a scholar, what field did John Hunter specialize in?
What is the oldest Japanese glasses brand
During the Korea's Goryeo and Joseon Dynasty, how many social classes was society divided up into
Is homosexual love allowed in Buddhism?
How large in size is the area of Eppingen?
What was the reason that Ashley Madison filed for divorce?
How large in size was the area of the former Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth?
When approximately did manhole children appear in Mongolia
Is the Italian country that Victor Emmanuel III governed the same land that of the current Italy?
When was Hankyu Bus established?
Where did Bikram Yoga originate from?
What is the total length of the Toei 12-000 series train?
Does Meizui have any descendants left?
Who was the founder of the Chiba Seaside Corporation
What age was Emperor Kobun when he died?
How many people died because of the Castellammarese War?
Are the Guangdong Province issued license plates used in Taiwan?
Who was the first human to enter the Skylab in outer space?
In 2018, what was the reported number of cases of molesting on Japan night buses?
How big in size is the area of Bakewell?
When were reserved seats first introduced in Japan
Which company first manufactured body kits?
Are unicorns creatures that come from myths?
How many victims were there as a result of Stalin's Great Purge?
When was cable internet invented
How many kilometers per hour do rockets fly?
Why did Tandem Computers stop the production of NonStop computers?
What was the turning point of the February Revolution?
According to the law, until what age are people treated as juveniles?
What is the national anthem of Serbia?
When did the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles first win the league championship?
Was Thomas Andrew "Colonel Tom" Parker older than Elvis Presley?
Processors that don't use Microcode use what?
Who was Diego Velázquez's patron?
Where is the origin of dragon kiln?
When were silkworms first farmed in Japan?
Who was the feudal lord of Hi Province?
What region is the largest producer of diving suits?
What job did Thomas McKean after retiring from politics?
What position did Éric Daniel Pierre Cantona play?
Who was the first star of Senritsu Kaiki File Kowasugi! As above
How many people took part in the First War of Kappel?
Was the Chemical Automatics Design Bureau also responsible for the development of nuclear weapons?
What is the origin of air racing?
What was the first sci-fi novel in the world?
Do trains run in Hokkaido when it snows?
What is Hallowe'en?
What was Kazunori Shinozuka's main defensive position?
What is the area of Nakajima town?
When did state Shintoism begin?
When did the profession of appraiser first come about?
Are the results of pro wrestling decided in advance?
What is the main industry in Gundelsheim?
Are hamburgers a part of home cooking the USA?
When did the Mesopotamian civilisation first appear?
What was the first novel to deal with time travel?
What is the top speed of the whitetip reef shark Triaenodon obesus?
When did the reformation of the US Army happen?
What is the common language in Neckarsulm?
When was protection ring invented?
Who was the lead in Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Astray?
What is the tallest building in Lippstadt?
Are mangroves grown in Honshu, Japan?
What is the entry fee for adults at the Shima Kanko Hotel?
How many years did the Battle of Gela last?
What country did Scientology first come from?
What is the most manufactured product in the USA?
When did western medicine start being used in Japan?
What age was Joan Fontaine when she was in Japan?
What was the official language of the Ottoman Empire?
When was the visiting nurse medical fee set up?
What is the main industry in Crimea?
When were Linux Security Modules developed from?
How big on average are the bodies of Pacific angelsharks?
Who was the founder of the Banque de l'Indochine?
What is a Teresa Teng song?
What was Thaksin Shinawatra's scientific speciality?
Where are the headquarters of Commodore?
When were the Nimitz-class aircraft carriers complete?
What was the first song that Charles Gounod made public?
When was the Warburg Institute set up?
When were the Tokyu Deha 200 model trains used for the first time?
Is the risk of day trading high?
When was the first sleeping car introduced in Japan?
Regarding the smoke problem at the Hitachi mine, what sort of reduction was the to do with a big chimney?
What was the first sci-fi drama in Japan?
Who proposed the microkernel?
Where are the ministries responsible for Japan's national security?
How old was Joan of Constantinople when she died?
Who developed the Uniflow scavenging Diesel engine?
Where is Kii Province located in the modern day?
How many arisaka were manufactured?
How many faculties does Trinity College have?
Which university did Kenzo Koyama go to?
At what time of year are there the most incidents of drowning?
In the Imperial Court of Japan, did ministers serve as aristocrats?
What is DeLorean's fuel?
What is the approximate weight of an electric screwdriver?
Who was the first chief librarian of Gamagorishi Public Library?
What was the main cause of the rise of the Indus civilization?
How old was Julissa Gomez when she died?
Are there any Japanese players who have played for the Detroit Tigers?
Who directed Stargate Atlantis?
What is alcohol made from?
Who came up with the basics of the tradition Japanese landscape garden?
Which was the first company to start development on the all-around monitor sheet?
Is the UK Singles Chart released on a weekly basis?
Which Japanese late-night TV show has had the highest viewership ratings?
What was Naoki Serizawa's debut work?
When did New France experience its height of prosperity?
How old was Chiang Kai-shek when he became a soldier?
Where is Sony Pictures' headquarters located?
How many types of oil paint are used in oil painting?
What was the production period of the Chikubasho?
When was the crime of professional negligence resulting in injury or death established?
At which university did Esther Hobart Morris study?
What was Kojima Productions' debut work?
What is the main industry in Mosbach?
Who developed Sega Karaoke?
Were Japanese garrisons affiliated with the Navy during the Pacific War?
Was there agriculture in Fustat?
What country does Livingston Island belong to?
Which country has had the most earthquakes in the 21st century?
What is the maximum number of passengers on the USS Hornet (CV-8) aircraft carrier?
In what year did Sally Hemings die?
How many people can ride a motorcycle at one time?
Who was the lord of Kawagoe Castle at its end?
Is ethnic purity a principle of Sunni Islam?
What is the first play that John Burgoyne made?
Are there any genus of humans that have not gone extinct, besides homosapiens?
When were the Arthurian romances written?
What is the northernmost station on the Nostrand Avenue Line?
Where did Joseph Brant spend his final years?
When was the de Havilland Comet completed?
Does the Catholic Church exist in the state of New Mexico?
What is the main industry in Fellbach?
What living thing is passed down from generation to generation at ancient Roman bathhouses?
What was the population of Hille in Germany in 2018?
When was the H. L. made?
How old was Maurice Utrillo when he started painting?
At what age did Owen D. Young go into business?
What is the origin of the name of The Nahda?
At what age did Geoffrey Chaucer die?
Do police academies pay a salary?
What was John Young Brown's father's occupation?
Who was the founder of Brewster Aeronautical Corporation?
What was the 2018 population of Kanazawa ward, in Yokohama City, Kanagawa Prefecture?
When was the train introduced to Japan?
What is Greifenstein's biggest religion?
What was the reason for the fall of the Ottoman Empire?
What was Renga Kijima's debut work?
How did Henry Clay Senior die?
Was Gautama Buddha born from a lotus?
Is there a high school in Japan that allows students to commute by motorcycle?
When did day laborers start receiving state benefits?
Who was the first mayor of Gdańsk?
When did Japanese calligraphy first start?
When did Catholicism become popularized in South America?
Who is the founder of BioWare?
What is the oldest existing miniature?
When was the origin of Eastern medicine?
What was the profession of Full Metal Panic!'s Kaname Chidori?
Where was the Tachikaze-class destroyer created?
Does the International Football Association Board organize the World Cup?
About what size was the Seikanmaru 3?
How many Pokemon were introduced in Pokemon Diamond and Pearl?
In Drensteinfurt, which religion has the most believers?
What region uses the word "botton toilet"?
Is there an age limit to playing the Metal Gear Series action games?
When did carpets become commonly used in Japanese households?
What is the origin of the name of the Bullring in the Birmingham area?
Where did Japanese ninjas exist?
When was Eric S. Raymond born?
Has Victoria Beckham ever been divorced?
Has a communist revolution ever happened in America?
Does the Oscan language have a written alphabet?
When was frequency hijacking first confirmed?
Who was the inventor of the human pyramid?
When was David Chalmers born?
Where in present Japan was Mikawa Province located?
Who invented power steering?
What is the overall length of the Awaji-Kaikyou bridge?
When was ATACS developed?
What is the occupation of the main character of "WILDERNESS"?
Are boxing ranks only sorted by weight class?
When was Heath Company founded?
Who developed Teredo?
Where did Marxism-Maoism originate?
When was The British Museum established?
Has guerrilla warfare ever happened in Japan?
When did Kazuto Ioka start boxing?
What is the difference between an electric locomotive and an EMU train?
When was Fujifilm founded?
What was the group affiliated with the terrorists in the Japanese embassy hostage crisis?
Who first proposed tensors?
Why was the alias Ivan the Horrible given?
Who developed dimethyl ether?
Where did Branko Vukelić learn Japanese?
Where is the largest port country in history?
How many series are there in TRS-80?
What is the game console where the Call of Duty series can be played
What is the largest plant in Glacier National Park?
What language is "tunnel"?
Has Akiko Suzuki succeeded in a triple axel in an official game?
Is there a company who published Chikubashou?
Is sexual fluidity a matter that applies to humans?
Which era became the stage for Aoki Ōkami to Shiroki Mejika: Genghis Khan?
In Japan, what are the possible crimes which can be imposed for graffiti?
When was the flush toilet introduced in Japan?
Who is the pioneer in robotics
What is the origin of the name Sodomy Law?
How many spectators were there at Super Bowl XXIII?
What is the maximum number of crew in the Japanese submarine I-25?
What are the features of Meiji-era Western paintings?
Do Japanese professional baseball pennant races use the Swiss-style tournaments?
What is the land area of Aalen?
How many years after death will the copyrights for character designs last?
What is the first news program to be broadcast in Japan
Who was the first doctor to diagnose chronic thyroiditis?
Where did the Siege of Bonn occur?
Who is the Japanese who signed the Japan–Korea Treaty?
What is Lawrence Henry Summers' Ph.D.
When was the transplantation of repaired kidneys approved by the Ministry of Health, Labor and Welfare?
In which state was the American Constitution enacted?
What is the size of USS Pennsylvania?
What is the melting point of ferrocene?
Which region had the highest production of grapes variety Greco in 2018?
Where was Yuan Shikai born
What was the first team Aaron Rodgers joined?
What is absolute space?
Who was the originator of the supermodel successful in skirts with short knee length and a short hair bob cut?
When did MotoGP class start?
What is the last work left by Moritz Moszkowski?
Is atomic layer deposition used in nuclear electricity generation?
Who is the last emperor of Russia?
What is the animal that has the world's largest lungs?
When was M-V rocket developed?
Who starred in Once Upon a Time?
Is there not something like Bologna Process in Japan
When did nomadism begin in Mongolia?
In terms of Japan's sex education, when did they start teaching that sexual activities were not only for reproductive purposes
Are there professional players in the glider sports?
What is Japan's biggest case of corruption?
What is the distance between Ireland and Great Britain?
What is the ritual of the Neopagan witch in which Rosaleen Miriam Norton went to?
Who is the founder of Dixieland jazz?
What is the origin of the name of the state capital Baton Rouge?
When did throwing overhand become accepted in baseball pitching?
How many teams are there in Japanese pro baseball?
What other uses do containers have besides transport?
How large was the territory of the French Empire at the height of Napoleon's reign?
How old was Hokuten'yu Katsuhiko when he joined a sumo stable?
Who developed steam-powere battleships?
Where there any Chinese pilots in the Flying Tigers?
When did John Grinder and Richard Bandler meet?
When was Manchuria annexed by Japan?
Who killed Anegakoji Kintomo?
When was The Big Issue established?
When was the beginning of the Broadway musical?
Who initially wrote Star Trek?
How many people died during the conquest of Kishu?
How much did the Minister for Reconstruction make in 2018?
What was the first car ever sold by Nissan?
What is the average summer temperature in Paso Robles?
When was the Japan Academy Prize first awarded?
What color is Kaname Chidori's hair in Full Metal Panic?
Which university did Sir Arthur Stanley Eddington research at last?
Which laboratory first conducted research into organoids?
When was the beginning of virtual memory?
What sorts of ways are there to get from Manhattan to Brooklyn?
What was the original title for the Swedish film Let The Right One In?
Which country has the largest share in flat-six engines?
Does social science also contain a concept of uncertainty?
What is the blood disease said to have been passed down through the Hapsburg family?
When did prostitution as a profession begin in Japan?
What is the highest number of bases Teppei has ever stolen in a year?
What was the first political party that Nureddin Pasha joined?
Do hippies want marijuana legalized?
How long did it take to shoot Beyond The Mat?
When was Jarno Trulli's debut?
What was Orson Welles' first movie?
When were choose-your-own-adventure books first created?
What is a chat log?
When was Nazi Germany toppled?
When did Satanism begin?
What age range of readers does children's literature target?
Who was the first leader of Ciudadanos?
When did Horatio Nelson Jackson complete his trip across America?
What is the difference between laws and regulations?
Were there countries during the sakoku period with which trade was permitted?
Who was the first captain of the Kazuura Maru?
What is the main industry on Christmas Island?
When was the Equal Employment Opportunity Law created in Japan?
What is the main industry in Reinhardshagen?
Where is the health resort that is featured in The Magic Mountain by Thomas Mann?
Was the lonelygirl15 series scripted?
Who invented the flat-six engine?
Which university did Bela Balassa graduate from?
How many people died in the Argentine War of Independence
What was James Joyce's debut work?
What was the profession of Murong Han's father?
When did the Battle of Haw's Shop end?
What race was Harriet Beecher Stowe?
In what century was the Copernican principle popularized?
What is the list price of a Memory COMPO?
What was the fastest speed that Hurricane Iniki attained?
Do dogs inbreed in the wild?
What is the distinctive blue in Islamic architecture extracted from?
Who was the first Japanese person to make a trip abroad on an airplane?
When was Ragnarok Online Sore Ike Boukensha-tachi! begin serialization?
Is Seibal a world cultural heritage site?
When was the construction of the aircraft carrier USS Enterprise completed?
What was Len Wein's debut work?
How many railway stations does Seibu Railway operate?
How did the hero Siegfried the dragon slayer die?
What was the population of the Armenian Kingdom of Cilicia at its height?
Which municipality made the most profit from the hometown tax in 2018?
Which country produces the most tobacco leaves for Marboro?
Was Rob Barnaby a computer engineer?
When was the Etruscan league formed?
Who founded CJ Internet?
How many countries are there on the North American continent?
Who developed high throughput screening?
What is the origin of the term simulcast?
Can electricity pass through outer space?
What is the profession of the main character in Hana ni Somu?
What is the principal industry of Illinois?
Was Saxony ever a part of Russia?
What gender was Jean Struven Harris?
Does the shepherd god Pan have the form of a sheep?
Who began the development of the first supercomputer?
Who first discovered lactic acid bacteria?
What gender is Seika Nakayama?
Can you see your own shadow when the sun is directly overhead?
What was the list price of a Palm Top PC 110 when it was first released?
What sort of biological changes happened after humanity began using fire?
Did the Sanriku-ni Shigoto-wo! Project receive financial assistance from the government? Did the Sanriku-ni Shigoto-wo! Project receive financial assistance from the government?
What is the name of the wife of Tsar Nicholas II of Russia, who was born in Darmstadt?
What is the size of Fort Monroe?
What is the capital of Republika Srpska?
What is the maximum range in kilometers at which whales can communicate with each other?
When did the concept of time first appear?
Who was the first captain of the convoy ship Wapen von Hamburg?
Is the FIFA World Cup qualification a Swiss style tournament?
How large is the Cinema Rise?
At what age did David A. Johnston die?
When was the Mitsubishi Fuso Truck and Bus Corporation established?
How large is Doune Castle?
Are there any zoos in Japan where it is possible to see bobcats?
What is the largest park in Detmold?
Who first commanded the 24th Infantry Division?
What is the origin of the name Genghis Khan?
When did Sly Stone begin his musical career?
When was the Kintetsu 10000 Series train discontinued?
What are the key industries of Heilbronn?
Who was the pioneer of Roman art?
How old was Robert Louis Stevenson when he died?
When did humans start hunting?
Has Zineb El Rhazoui ever published a book?
Is there a connection between Irish and Greek mythology?
Do I need to apply for copyright protection?
What are the main agricultural products of fillet cuts in the Federal Republic of Germany?
What is Max Emilian Verstappen's final academic record?
What is the official language of Holzminden?
At which university is Toshiyuki Nishikawa doing research?
Work for Sanriku! What organization carried out the project?
When did letterpress printing come out?
What is the area of Bad Enbach?
Has there ever been a Japanese right-wing terrorist group?
How tall is Josep Guardiola i Sala?
What is the difference between a knife and a sword?
Is there a law to crack down on broadcast signal intrusion?
What is the difference between counseling and consulting?
How big is the Shelby Mustang?
Who was the first minister of the Ministry of the Imperial Household?
What was the first piece of literature about time travel?
Is there a region or tribe where genital piercing is compulsory?
At what age did Denis Matvyenko start ballet?
Who was the first administrator of NASA?
Was 'Cool Britannia' used as an election slogan?
Where was You Youtai from?
On which games console can you play 'Battlefield'?
What was Ray Charles's debut song?
Where is Rover Group's headquarters?
Who was the first captain of the Conte di Cavour-class battleship?
What is the largest volcano in the world?
Which country had the lowest GDP in Europe in 2017?
What was the turning point of Tenshō-Jingo Conflict?
What is the most commonly used material for road racing bicycle frames?
In Japan, how do they alert individuals when an earthquake is predicted to occur?
Which country does Tory Island belong to?
How many ships did Novgorod develop?
How much did 'Dungeons & Dragons' cost when it was released?
Can expanded plastics decompose naturally?
When did Qingdao Guangzhou create the Chugai Newspaper?
What gender is Lawrence Henry Summers?
Where can I get a school counselor qualification?
Was the MGM-52 Lance missile ever used?
Are there any roads that vertically span the Australian continent?
What is the highest audience rating for 'Love Shuffle'?
When did the Pacific War end?
Who directed 'Father Ted'?
When did Moby Grape break up?
Where is the factory that first introduced numerical control?
Does the Japanese government provide financial assistance for Gokoku shrines?
What was the profession of Li Linfu's father?
What year did the Seljuq dynasty begin in?
What was Jack Vance's debut work?
What is Burlington's leading industrial sector?
Who was on the cover of the first issue of Weekly Gong magazine?
How many members did Hajime Hana and the Crazy Cats have?
Does the existence of Altruism negate The Selfish Gene theory?
What gender is Annie Fletcher?
Who was the pioneer of the environmentalist movement?
Who is the leader of Ride?
Is the stage director of Yoshimoto Shinkigeki a troupe leader?
What year was the Japanese Civil Code enacted in?
When did money become a medium of exchange in Japan?
Where was John Belushi of "The Blues Brothers" fame born?
What is the name of Otto Klemperer's final work?
Are fighter aircraft featured in "Ace Combat X: Skies of Deception"?
What is the capital of France?
What was the reported poverty line of Japan in 2018?
When was the first cryptogram written?
When did movie translating become a profession?
Between what years was the Renaissance?
Who was the founder of the spiritualists group, the Crewe Circle?
Who founded TV Tokyo?
When were the Serre conjectures presented?
Are there any permanent members of the UN Security Council in the European Union?
When was the origin of postmodern literature?
Which Tribal-class destroyer had the highest complement?
What color is a Gamma ray burst?
What year was the first Tiran tank developed in?
Who was the first person in the world to use a pen name?
Were citizens forcibly relocated for the construction of the Kamishiiba Dam?
Where did William Edward "Billy" Sing learn to snipe?
In "Ace Combat 3: Electrosphere," what country developed the X-49 Night Raven?
How large is the Citroën GS/GSA?
In Japanese, is there a limit to the number of adjectives that can used to describe a word?
Who was the first Japanese person to finish a 1,500-meter run in less than 3 minutes and 50 seconds?
When was the Koshigatana Edict lifted?
When did Japan launch its first satellite probe?
What was the launch retail price of "Dissidia 012 Final Fantasy" in Japan?
What was the first piece of media to use the term Cool Britannia?
Did citizens take up arms during the Santa Cruz massacre ?
What is the average yearly precipitation of the state of Oregon?
What is Bartók Béla Viktor János's mother tongue?
When was CJ Internet founded?
Was the construction of apartments not suspended as a result of the Kunitachi Mansion Lawsuit?
Was Copernicus' theory presented during his lifetime?
Is Bad Genius an adaptation of another work?
Who promoted Christianity to japan?
How many cellular membranes are in the human body?
During the Maryland Campaign of the American Civil War, how many troops did the Northern States have?
In what war was Quneitra destroyed?
When was the rise of ancient Greece?
Who was responsible for the rise of the Izu Province?
What is the total area of the Republic of Tajikistan?
How many Hawker Hurricane planes were built?
What was the turning point in the Bhutan War?
What is the official language in the Faroe Islands?
What research centre was responsible for the "man made fish filets for sea turtles project"?
Who prepared the 11B-X-1371?
Was the The Tonight Show with Jay Leno broadcast in Japan?
What is the etymology of the mixing console?
Who invented the architecture of the Shikumen?
What age did Qutayba ibn Muslim die at?
Who was responsible for the Japanese translation of War Horse?
Who wrote the play Kamikakete Sango Taisetsu?
Where was the Virgin Mary from?
What company first started selling word processors?
How big is the USS Sealion?
Is there a pyramid in Oxyrhynchus?
How many varieties of tables are there?
What is the most used station in New York?
Who first developed the computer?
What was the first copier sold by Epson?
What is the longest railway in the world?
How many of Alvar Aalto's works are there in Finland?
Who developed the gun turret?
What is a portable stove's main source of power?
What hand was Masaru Kageura's strongest?
What was Hector Berlioz's first song?
What is John Guidetti's strongest foot?
When did ceramics begin in Japan?
Where was Elizabeth Ann Seton's father from?
When was American Motors set up?
Has Solomon Volkov composed any songs?
What was the religion of Jesus's parents?
Which country first had a monarchy?
Why was Makushita Tsukedashi introduced?
Why did the Minamoto clan and the Taira clan go to war?
What was Yukio Mishima's sexuality?
What is Yuu Kamiya's most sold work?
Who was the owner of Hokuto Vega?
What was Venus Ebony Starr Williams's debut match?
What is the name of the god of rice amongst Philippine mythical creatures?
Whos is the richest MLB team?
What is the area in square kilometres of Gansu in China?
Why is the main industry in Lisbon?    [doesn't make sense; see comment]
When was Lindsay Davenport set up?    [doesn't make sense]
How many editions of the Metal Gear Solid series were made?
Is there water on Mars?
Who was the author of Romance of the Three Kingdoms?
What was the oldest religious war in the world?
Has 3D printing been introduced into car manufacturing?
When was the Chern–Simons theory first proposed?
Where is the origin of car tuning?
What was the setting of "Aoki Ōkami to Shiroki Mejika: Genghis Khan"?
What is the tallest mountain at Whistler Blackcomb?
When was the word mixed martial arts first used?
What is the main industry of La Mancha?
When was the People's Liberation Army Navy released?
When is the job hunting period in Japan?
Who founded So-net Entertainment?
Does Amazon Prime's fees change depending on the country?
What is the official language of Republika Srpska?
How big is Wales?
What is the oldest recorded mention of a ryototetsuritsu being formed?
What class was Akamatsu Mitsusuke born into?
Where was Quanah Parker born?
Who was the first Yokozuna?
Have the Natsumatsuri Naniwa Kagami been performed in comic storytelling manner?
When was Toshihiro Takeda born?
How many permanent members of the Council of the European Union are there?
When did North Korea first launch a missile?
When did the Amagasaki derailment happen?
Which country first introduced liability insurance?
Who founded acute?
What is the tallest mountain in Tibet?
What is the main industry in Pittsburgh?
What work was David Bing involved in?
How old was Hoshino Chōtarō when he got involved in politics?
What is the oldest railroad in London?
What genre is Jean-Christophe?
Who founded the company Lizard?
What was the biggest fraud scandal in Japan?
Who invented sunglasses?
In what year was the Madrid underground built?
Does the Secretariat have any children?
When was "Neko Sogi Furanken" made into a book?
What was the incident that Sojourner Truth won independence in?
What field does glaciology belong to?
Who was the pioneer of magnetobiology?
When did the ancestors of the Cherokee Family of the Indian Territories first come to America?
Was George Stephenson part of the nobility?
What was the first game software that Enix sold?
What is the origin of the name computer support education system Plato?
When was the Cosmic Background Explorer launched?
What is the intention of Gundam's Mobile Suit?
When did rice growing start in Japan?
How old was Johnny Powers when he retired?
Where was the Mona Lisa painted?
Who founded Libre Office?
After the tragedy of Doha, what position did Iraq's entrant advance to?
Why did the Nanyue collapse?
Who founded Els 4Gats?
What distance was the 2017 Tour de France?
What is the origin of LGBT research?
What gender was Fionn mac Cumhaill?
What was Nanboku Tsuruya real name?
What is a melting point?
In what year was the collcetion One Thousand and One Nights published?
How many children does Shigeo Nagashima have?
What sort of place was a Jimi System Ei?
Was the Advanced Daisenryaku sold in Germany?
What was the maximum crew of a Dreadnought?
Were any groups influenced by the music of The 13th Floor Elevators?
Where is the head office of the B&O Railroad Museum?
Who was the world's first geneticist?
What family did the King of Napoli belong to?
Did Reika Kikkawa go abroad to study painting?
Is there a current religion that was born from Mesopotamian mythology?
What area of academia does neuroscience belong to?
How many people work at this police station here in front of Kameari Park in Katsushika Ward?
Has Eileen Joyce ever written a song?
How many died in the Battle of Machias?
What is the name of the Meiji Emperor?
Are there species of living beings, other than humans, that develop different cultures in separate areas despite being the same race?
When was "CODE GEASS Lelouch of the Rebellion" broadcasted?
Who advocated for dark energy?
Was virginity worshipped before Christianity?
In 2018, what was the population of people living in Favelas in Rio de Janeiro?
What was Paul Eugene Brown's educational background?
What is the constructor business that run by the Mercedes AMG Petronas F1 Team?
When was tobacco first sold in Japan?
What are Dounreay's major industries?
In what volume of the "Doraemon" series did the "Anywhere Door" first appear?
How many fouls are there in Mixed Martial Arts?
How much postwar compensation did Japan pay to South Korea?
Was there an exchange of postwar compensations between Japan and the Republic of Korea?
Did commoners ever wear kosode?
Which country was the first to establish itself during a conflict?
How big was the fighting sailing ship the SMS Seeadler?
What are aerial torpedos made from?
At what age did Walter Savage Landor begin to work as an author?
How are allergens tested in hospitals?
Can one sightsee at the House of Habsburg?
When were Minox first sold?
Who was the prime minister when the decision to privatize the postal service was made?
Was the former Yan built by the Han?
Who did the architectural design for Todai-ji
Who was the first captain of the Russian battleship Imperator Aleksandr III
What was Thaksin Shinawatra's first business?
What language did Sylvie Vartan sing in?
Are software synthesizers used by mobile phones?
Is Julius Erving black?
What company developed bulletproof vests?
What is the acreage of Bullring?
Did the Far East Fleet participate in the war?
What were the words Buddha spoke directly after being born?
Were civilians caught up in the Civil War, too?
Is "Lucky" Charles Luciano of Italian descent?
When was the microkernel first developed?
How many copies of Saturday Night Slam Masters were sold?
How tall is Jason Kidd?
When was the Hankyu 800 series train operated for the first time?
Did Willi Münzenberg ever meet with Karl Marx?
Is Microsoft Exchange Server excellent software?
Who is Venus Williams' coach?
Who were the pioneers of mystery novels?
What is the oldest formula car in the world?
What was Martin McDonagh's first work?
What is the largest museum in England?
What was the first digital media in the world?
Why is the Salic law called that way?
What is the height of the shortest NBA player ever?
Are there first class tickets for the train available?
Who created "Silent Hill"?
Who founded Insomniac Games?
At what age did Tenryuu Saburou get married?
Where was canoeing originated?
When were digital media created?
When did people start using gas at home?
When did the Japanese male team win a medal at the 4 × 100 metres relay at the Olimpics for the first time?
How was the rise of the Maravi kingdom?
Was the type Marone 40 train a bilevel car?
Why are there so many Jewish money lenders in the USA?
How big are mitochondria?
Is pseudomonas aeruginosa an airborne disease?
What language is spoken at the Bad Meinberg district?
What was the most powerful state during the Yayoi period?
When was the Soviet partisan movement formed?
Who was the proponent of scientific realism?
What is the world's largest impact crater?
How many teams are there in the Central League of baseball in Japan?
Who wrote the script for "Mobile Suit Gundam SEED Destiny"?
When was the first first-person shooter released?
Is there any precedent of a lawsuit based on lookism?
How many kinds of plants have been confirmed to exist in the world?
What was the original social class of Dieterich Buxtehude?
Did the fuel used to make time travel possible change through the "Back to the Future" trilogy?
Does the Mainichi Shimbun offer a free online edition?
Did Sancho III have siblings?
How many people died at the Contra war?
When did cocaine become widespread in the USA?
How long is the Kinokawa river?
Is Artic ice melting?
Where was the first F1 championship held?
When did motorsports start?
What is the name of the protagonist in "Galaxy Angel"?
Has there been
What is the largest train station in Japan?
Does homosexuality exist among insects?
Who wrote "The Roswell Report"?
Why are longships called that way?
Have blackmouth catsharks ever attacked humans?
Between what years did the House of Vasa exist?
When was the first Furka Oberalp BDeh 2/4 class train built?
Was Debussy a neoclassicist?
What was Wallace Wilkinson's father's profession?
Could common people read and write in Ancient Egypt?
How did An Qingxu kill An Lushan?
When was the Cosmic Background Explorer launched?
Where was Eileen Joyce during the Second World War?
In Japan are the please responsible for dealing with fires in mountains?
What colour were the armed forces of the Russian Empire likened to and called?
When was the first experiment with external fertilisation with a human?
Where does Jōruri come from?
Is it possible to artificially generation DNA methylation?
What was the first magazine published in the UK?
What was the gender of Sayla Mass in Mobile Suit Gundam?
What job did Emerson Fittipaldi do after retirement?
Was money given to the poor as a result of the English Poor Laws?
What was the site of Yokohama Dreamland used for?
Does Katō Yoshiaki have children?
Does a baler have tyres?
What was the result of the Barney and Betty Hill case?
Who advocated for alternative education?
Who carries out international law?
How many years did the government of Michelle Bachelet last?
What was the name of the protagonist in Natsuki Kurashiku?
Did the word chotei come from China?
When did falconry first start?
When were the rules laid down for the scrum in rugby union?
When was high speed rail in western Japan started?
What essay first introduced the idea of social constructionism?
Who advocated the right of collective self-defence?
Where did postmodern literature originate?
Who invented the lift?
What age did Harry Chamberlin invent the Chamberlin?
Is nerve gas created inside the body?
At what age did Tsukigata Nahiko start doing ceramics?
What is the area of Bangladesh?
Is homology a mathematical concept?
What is the etymology of ferrocene?
Is there any novel where Carmine Crocco is the subject?
How old was Hayreddin Barbarossa when he began his travels?
What was the turning point of the French Revolution?
How many people died in the First Barbary War?
Are there any Japanese players in the MLB Hall of Fame?
Which company first manufactured the adjustable spanner?
Who suggested the split-single engine?
Who was the pioneer of Ottoman architecture?
In the Gundam series, who was the leader of the Black Sanrensei?
What is the main industry on Biak Island?
Who commanded the allied armies at Pommernfeldzug?
Was the Comstock Lode shut down?
Were prisoners on the Bataan Death March given food?
Is there a Tryotskyite terrorist group?
What was the first front-wheel drive car in Japan?
Is MRI the same as electromyography?
When were horses first used in battle?
When was the list of banned words to broadcast drawn up?
Who was the first doctor to diagnose osteoporosis?
When was the first Spanish general legislature election held?
When was the Global Mama Network established
Who invented the telephone
How many people died from the Mexican Revolution?
Is the Japanese giant salamander a cephalochordate?
When did the Boer Wars begin?
What is the world's oldest steamboat
If the dam froze, what kind of measures should be taken if the dam water is needed?
How many spectators attended the 26th Super Bowl?
When did Japanese professional sumo wrestling begin
What was David Eddings' last work
What is the umbrella company for the "Resident Evil" video games?
In what battle was the Destroyer Faulknor first used?
When was the Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority created?
What is the origin for the word monkey wrench?
What is the length of "La Juive"?
Is Peter Pan from "Peter Pan and Wendy" a fairy?
Who constructed Trump Tower?
How many people died from the Second Battle of Winchester?
When was mankind born
Who was the first director for Peugeot Sport
When was the DH system introduced in Japanese professional baseball
At what age did Isabella d'Este die?
Does the National Library of France lend books?
Will you die if you eat an earthworm?
Who directed the drama, "Anata Dake Mienai"?
Who was the pioneer of the study of pedagogy?
When was Enterbrain established
Are there no more Native Americans living in Yosemite National Park?
When was the GNU/Linux system created?
Which station were the first Midori ticket machines installed
Are there electrical outlets installed on railroad car seats?
How old is Section Chief Ohara of the Kameari Kouen-mae Police Box?
Is there an international maker located in the main headquarters in Columbus?
For how many years did the Durrani Empire continue?
When did Julius Erving retire
Where is Mishima Foods' oldest factory
How far apart is New Orleans from Alexandria?
When were the Romanian railways established
Is antique jewelry priced higher than normal jewelry?
At what age did John Potter start training horses
Does thyroid cancer cause infertility?
Why did the Ottoman Empire collapse?
Did Akira Yamada study abroad?
Was Konrad Adenauer ever involved with Nazi Germany?
Was there freedom of religion during the Kamakura period?
Where is Tama Lake?
When was the first air-breathing sea slug discovered
At which factory is ERGAmio produced?
Where did the Cherokee tribe first live?
Who is the founder of Cinema Rise?
Who was the first monarch of the House of Hohenzollern?
Who was the first doctor to diagnose diabetes?
How many passengers can ride in a station wagon-type vehicle?
Is it permitted to renumerate campaign speakers during an election?
What was Mizue Tani's debut work?
Who plotted the Rum Rebellion?
Why did the arts flourish during the Dutch Golden Age?
How big is the Turgut Reis class Ironclad?
What is the main industry in Quebec?
When did Ihara Saikaku die?
In what battle were Victor-class nuclear submarines were used for the first time?
What was the first civilization to come into being in Korea?
Which BANDAI NAMCO Games product has recorded the highest sales?
Who invented aluminium foil?
What was Tonmi Narihara's maiden work?
When were the Franciscans founded?
What is the ABO blood group system?
What is the largest cephalochordate?
What does "first of the season" suggest?
What is the average wage for a government official doing general office work?
What is the origin of personal development?
On what round of the draft was Bob Pettit selected?
What is the land area of Turkmenistan?
What is the main industry in Ense in Germany?
What is the largest glove puppetry theatrical company in the world?
When was Japan's family register created?
What was the first computer with a graphics processing unit?
Who was the richest man in America in the Golden Age?
What was the final part of P.R. Sarker's educational history?
Where was Samuel Insul from?
When was Deng Ai born?
In which modern day country was the Kingdom of Kent located?
When was the first artificial satellite launched?
In what battle was the Nimitz-class aircraft carrier first used?
Who developed addressing modes?
What is the temperature of the surface of Callisto?
Since when has indentured servitude been prohibited?
At what age did Seymour Cray establish Cray Research?
Are there any countries with Hebrew as their official language?
Was Cinema Rise demolished after it closed?
Who named the call stack?
Where was Sam Phillips from?
Is head epilepsy acquired?
What company manufactured Arisaka guns?
Who invented the print club photo booth?
How big is the Hankyu 300 Train?
How many people died in the Landing at Kip's Bay?
Has an emissions trading system been established between the ASEAN countries?
What's the biggest park in Shreveport?
What was the biggest factor that led to Japan being selected to host the 2020 Summer Olympics?
Is there any literature that was written about the events in the Roman Republic?
When was right-hand driving instated in Japan?
What was the official language of the Ó Néill dynasty in Ireland?
What is Martin McDonagh's last work?
What are the major categories of sociology?
Where are the Japanese imperial vehicles usually stored?
What age was Fanny Bullock Workman when she started mountain climbing?
Does neurogenesis occur in all animals?
What age was Philemon Pownoll when he enlisted?
Who first discovered fossils of the Rhamphorhynchus?
How many games in the "Romance of the Three Kingdoms" series have been released?
Where is Marusan's headquarters?
Which country first introduced government?
Was there a time in when baseball was forbidden in Japan?
When was Saturn 1 developed?
When was Hiroshi Aoyama born?
What are Drensteinfurt's major industries?
Who is the vocalist for the power metal band "Halloween"?
Who captured Kiyotaka Katsuta?
What is the tallest building in Bielefeld?
What is David Slater's nationality?
What race is Reba McEntire?
Has the Soviet Union ever used atomic bombs in wars?
What is occupation of the main character in "Shofu To Shukujo"?
What is Daijiro Ohara, from the local police station in front of Kameari Park in Katsushika Ward, called by Ryotsu?
What is the oldest law school in Japan?
What are Scranton's major industries?
How many hours does short-time work consist of?
Is the Visio Tnugdali religious?
Is Korean Air's president determined through heredity?
Does smoking really turn your lungs black?
What is the oldest Japanese school in Mexico?
What is the religion of the author of the Jyllands-Posten Muhammad cartoons controversy?
Which country was Voyager 1 launched from?
What are the origins of the name of the Greek god Zeus?
What is Randy William Bass's defensive position?
Where was the original text of the New Testament found?
Where was the first FIA World Rally Championship held?
Does Macedonia include the capital of Greece?
What is the origin of Gachinko?
What was the next dynasty after Qing?
When did tea production begin in Japan?
How many video cassette locks were sold?
What is written in Article 9 of the constitution?
What is Michio Watanabe's biggest hobby?
When was Minamoto no Tametomo born?
What is Yukiko Akaba's best record for the 10,000 meter run?
When was Apollonius born?
What is the oldest existing railway station in Wakayama?
What kind of genre is fantasy?
Are there any animals that give natural, painless birth?
When did the word "theater" begin to be used in Japan?
Is forcing one to wear a chastity belt a violation of basic human rights?
In what war was the Pattern 1853 Enfield first used?
When is the stage in which humans begin to understand their class?
When did numbers originate?
What was the population of the Singhasari Kingdom at its peak?
What is a flight shooting game?
What was the profession of Oscar Hammerstein's father?
Who first proposed the theory of probability?
Who founded the first cram school in Japan?
Why was Africa once called the Dark Continent?
Which team won the Super Bowl in 2018?
In which volume of Doraemon was the "Moshimo (What-If) Phone Box" introduced?
How did the flag of the Empire of Japan differ from the Japanese flag today?
Did Middle Mongolian use different characters than Mongolian today?
Who executed Giordano Bruno?
Which group led the second British Invasion?
At what age did James Cook enter the navy?
When was Wikipedia founded?
How long did the Roman-Etruscan Wars last?
Which country was the first to develop currency?
In a Kneipp-style bath, what does the Kneipp-style refer to?
Is it illegal to run a casino in Japan?
In what year was ANZAC founded?
In what year was Noriaki Yasuda born?
Which railway section first operated the Tobu 200 series trains?
Can Raijū ("thunder animals" or "thunder beasts") also be found in Chinese lore?
Which individual formulated the Schrödinger equation?
After World War II, was the emperor of Japan tried as a war criminal?
How many players are needed in a single rugby match?
Who founded the Uncyclopedia?
When were onboard graphics developed?
What was the turning point of Gosannen War?
What was the number of people unemployed in Japan following the 2008 financial crisis?
Are there any universities in Salt Lake City, Utah?
How many medals did Japan obtain in the 1960 Rome Olympics?
How much does Space Runner A weigh?
When was the train first invented?
What is Dwight Howard's ethnicity?
Where was Prabhat Ranjan Sarkar born?
Did Phillip IV actually participate in battle?
Which railway company implemented the first signal cabin?
How many square meters wide is Kawasaki Stadium currently since being renovated in 2000?
What was Shusaku Endo's religion?
How many guided-missile destoyers does Japan possess?
What is the turning point between the Medieval Period and the Renaissance?
At what age did Hugh Lofting emigrate to the United States?
What is the total area of Takao?
What is Davenport's primary agricultural product?
What was the profession of Stefano Magaddino's father?
What is the largest religion in Pakistan?
When was the Kiha 04 diesel car developed?
When was the locking differential invented?
When were high heels invented?
What is the historical setting of Guin Saga?
Who first discovered jasmonic acid?
Why is acupuncture and moxibustion therapy not covered by insurance?
Who developed a printing press?
Where was Freemasonry founded?
In China, what is the name of the country that replaced the Tang Dynasty?
Is kidney failure an infectious disease?
What is Mobile Suit Gundam fighting against?
What is the profession of the main character in "Doctor Who"?
Which is the most populous district in Birmingham in 2018?
What did Ernest Shackleton do for a living?
Does the amoeba have a glycolysis system?
How many people died in the Tensho Zingo War?
When was the first public prosecutor born in Japan?
What is the most expensive jewel in the world?
What is Shoji Gatoh's debut work?
Who discovered the chemotaxis?
When was Temple Shojo Ke In built?
What is the highest mountain in Mongolia?
Was mercury confirmed in the Ashio Mineral Pollution Incident?
What company was the first to adopt Games as a Service?
Manipulate Hitler with "Advanced World War" ?
What is the name of the statue that was created on the plaza in Lexington that is based on the Battles of Lexington and Concord?
What is the Book of Hours?
What was the first song to adopt the sonata form?
How heavy is the Sturmtiger ?
What is the age of the target audience for MediaWorks Bunko?
Is Majin Buu from "Dragon Ball" an alien?
Which country has the highest oil production in the world?
Who led the women's liberation movement in the United States?
Who led the Soviets after Lenin?
Where is a father of e Dwyane Tyrone Wade, Jr. from?
What kind of horse is the biggest in the world?
Was the "Puyopuyo" series also released as a smartphone app?
What is a non-profit?
In what year did the TV anime "D.C. -Da Capo-" air on TV? In what year did the TV anime "D.C. -Da Capo-" air on TV?
Who is the owner of the Speed Symboli horse?
Who discovered membrane potential?
Who came up with a paintball?
What was the initial selling price of Javelin of American Motors?
When did the concept of shelter begin to be used in the field of natural disasters?
How many countries were built in China during the era of the Sixteen Kingdoms?
Who wrote the script for "Desperate Housewives"?
What is the percentage of hydroelectric power generation in all power generation in Japan?
Is there a concept of national security in any country?
Do the Japanese plane pilots learn celestial navigation?
Who developed a monoamine oxidase inhibitor?
When did the computer originate?
Where does Manchukuo refer to?
How big is Miyake Island?
When did electronic cigarettes first become available?
What was the first recognized terrorist group in Japan?
Why did the Plantagenet family flourish?
How many minutes of music is the symphony No. 3 in E♭ major, "Hero" Op. 55?
How many copies of Shota Shimizu's first album sold for the first time?
What was the first observed interlocked earthquake in history?
Does acquired mood altering illness present?
How does a Joyful Train differ from a normal train?
Who founded Rail Corporation New South Wales?
What did Timur die of?
In the Battle of Salamaua–Lae were tanks used?
Who invented semiconductors?
Who invented charge density waves?
Are there examples of loss of biodiversity due to dam construction?
Who founded Sony Interactive Entertainment?
Who was the first priest of Yamanashioka Shrine?
Who was the first mayor of Kamianets-Podilskyi?
Are there any laws for preserving Japan's urban green areas?
When was the electronic bidet developed?
Which writer influenced Gustave Flaubert the most?
When was sesame oil first produced?
Who designed the Statue of Liberty?
Is there a number limit in the uncertainty?
What was Plaek Phibunsongkhram's last school?
What are family connections?
What is the area of the Republic of North Macedonia?
In which was was the revolver first used?
What is the tallest building in Utica?
What was the first textbook published in Japan?
What was the first Doraemon secret tool that Fujio F. Fujiko thought of?
How do free to broadcast games make money?
What is the largest rail company in Japan?
Who discovered quantum    [sentence doesn't make sense, unless it means to say "quantum physics"]
Were the Aryans literate?
What is the main industry in Wounded Knee?
What is the world's largest angiosperm?
Was William Faulkner's novel "Sanctuary" autobiographical?
When did the violent incident involving the Convention Against a New Airport in Tokyo happen?
How old was Asashōryū Akinori when he came to Japan?
What was Seymour Cray's last school?
What is the origin of sumo?
When did the Mapuche come to South America?
When did asbestos become banned for use in construction?
When did the Durrani Empire collapse?
Has the grey reef shark ever attacked humans?
How big is captain Benjamin Morrell's New South Greenland
When did the first Europeans arrive in Texas?
How many countries are there in Western Europe?
What age did An Lushan live to?
What was the first game that Firaxis Games made?
What is the largest factory that Dunlop has?
When did Eurodance arrive in Japan?
What kind of person is an inner self helper?
Has a model rocket ever passed through the stratosphere?
Who invented the gas spring?
When was the chiral auxiliary first made?
When was the self-immolation of the Tibetan monks in the news?
What age was Takao Obana when he retired?
Who came up with Greek mythology?
When was Rodney Harrison born?
Are traditional Japanese gardens asymmetric?
Was the "Monday Night Raw" broadcasted in Japan?
Who was the winner of the first 24 Hours of Le Mans?
When did the wide recall of pet foods happen?
What is the largest city in Northern Ireland?
How big was the Apple Newton?
Is pseudomonas putida multi-cellular?
When was the trust-type employee stock ownership system implemented for the first time?
When did character figures start being sold in Gashapon?
Who discovered arc welding?
Who built the Loulan Kingdom?
What was the main agricultural product of Sawauchi in Waga District of Iwate Prefecture?
Were textiles introduced from China?
Who was the founder of the Virginia Company?
What is the main agricultural product of Piacenza?
What is the personality of Cora Pearl according to history?
What is the primary industry in Detmold?
When did humans start raising animals?
Is there an absolute deity in Greek mythology?
When were seedless grapes produced by genetic engineering created?
When was the state of California established?
What was the cause of the death of Emperor Takakura?
When did corporate-sponsored amateur baseball start?
When was the transient hot-wire method invented?
When was Harry Chamberlin born?
When did face masks become widely prevalent?
Which is more common in Japan, single or multiple letter surnames?
When was the Kogakudo Studio Usagi team established?
What was Siegmund Freud's daughter's occupation?
What is the height of the fence at Akita Prefectural Baseball Stadium?
When was the Conservative Unity Party formed?
Which country had the highest amount of gold output in 2018?
Do all Japanese police officers receive anti-communist education?
When was the desktop environment first developed?
What is the size of the Russian cruiser "General-Admiral"?
How many United States National Historic Sites were there in 2019?
Who made Koiwai Farm?
When was Castle Itter built?
How many people died in the Battle of the Atlantic?
When did the stock exchange first begin in Japan?
Is there train access to the Yuda dam?
Do dune buggies have four-wheel drive?
How much was the price of the Nikon 35mm SLR camera when it was first released?
Were guns used in The Polish–Lithuanian–Teutonic War?
What is the biggest bathhouse in Greece?
Is "Yes Man" starring Jim Carrey a life-changing story about personal development?
What is the gender of Louis Alexander Slotin?
What was the first product to receive the Industry-Academia-Government Cooperation Award?
Who is the pioneer of communication studies?
When did the anime "Star of the Giants " begin to air?
What is the biggest shopping mall in the Tenjin area, Chuo-ku, Fukuoka city, Fukuoka prefecture?
Which country in the European Union has the largest territory size?
When did the ancient Roman Empire begin?
What was the population of Spitsbergen in 2018?
Who was the founder of Keikyu Corporation?
What was the first comedy band in Japan?
Has Hades ever transformed into a different creature?
Who was the first captain of an invincible-class aircraft carrier?
What is France's largest district?
What was Max Emilian Verstappen's debut match?
What is the top speed of the NS 500?
How old was Hugo Grotius when he died?
When did Britain settle in America?
What is the major industry in Bristol, England?
What is the maximum speed of a wooden train?
Which player set the record for the most home runs at the national men's baseball tournament?
Where was Emperor Byzantine's imperial capital?
How many years did the Hungarian kingdom exist?
Who was the founder of Heinkel?
Why did the 11B-X-1371 become a topic of interest?
Why did the Greek civilization come to an end?
Where is the Bell Lab?
When was the first patent claim filed?
Who was the first captain of Japanese submarine I-25?
What is the most populous country in Central Asia?
Is the Great Northern Railway a private company?
Who first researched category theory?
What is the Christian sect that worships the image of the Virgin Mary?
Where was Jan Matejko from?
What is the averange size of an adult Lanforinx?
How big is the Shonan Electric 80 series of train?
Which team became the first champions of the Caribbean series?
When was the Louvre completed?
What was Nakayama Satoshi's debut piece?
Who was the advocate of Zhan Wang Xi?
When did Sir John Franklin arrive in the Arctic?
Who was the first leader of Yoshimoto Shinkigeki?
Where was the headquarters of RCA?
How many copies of "ACE COMBAT 5 THE UNSUNG WOR" were produced?
In the omnipotence paradox, who used a stone as an example?
Is glycogen phosphorylase produced in the human body?
What are the main agricultural products in Northern Ireland?
When did the IRT Lexington Avenue line open?
What was the crime rate in 2018 in the Netherlands?
What is the total area of Rengein Tanjyoji temple?
When was the IND Culver Line constructed?
When was cytokine release syndrome first identified?
Is the Gross National Happiness Index applied to Japan?
Is there any creature that can survive without light?
How many years did Robert Morris spend in prison?
When did Bootsy Collins make his debut?
Is Picasso's "Guernica" abstract expressionism?
What organization started offering micropayment services?
Who was the first president of Mexico?
What is the main character's name in "The Legend of Fairy Blue"?
How many railway companies are there in the Kinki region?
Are the tools used in official sports competitions required to meet JIS standards?
What are the major industries of Chameria?
How many Jacobites were there at their peak?
Who created the tarot card?
How are the members of the Mexican Mafia primarily recruited?
When was the Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority established?
When was SG Warburg born?
How tall is Eric Daniel Pierre Cantona?
Which factory was the first to introduce SCADA?
When was the highest viewership of a National Diet broadcast recorded?
Who invented the electric train?
What is the USS Queen Fish's maximum number of passengers?
When was the Greek People's Liberation Army formed?
What ethnicity is Colin Kaepernick?
Does a terrorist group exist within India's right wing?
How large is Bir-Hakeim?
How many people died in the Romanian Revolution?
How far is Enceladus from Earth?
What are most structures in Eppingen?
Who was the first host of "Chichin puipui"?
What did the parents of Welsh monk Asser do?
What is the smallest administrative unit in Japan?
When was Greenwich Palace built?
What was Matt Fraction's first creative work?
Does completely unbiased reporting exist?
In which revolution did Nâzım Hikmet take part?
Where is the statue of Saint Mary which is said to have wept blood?
How old was Henry Dawes when he died?
Which TV station broadcast "Once Upon a Time"?
Did democracy exist in the Carthaginian empire?
Is the world of "Green Blood" a dystopia?
When was ASTRO PORT formed?
Is the world of "Heaven's Design Team" monotheistic?
Which law prohibits online piracy in Japan?
When was Zipang.S.S. Co., Ltd. founded?
Is tuition at École des Beaux-Arts free?
What shape were theaters which performed Greek myths?
What is the highest point of elevation on Japan's national highway 101?
When were oxygen tanks invented?
When were the Chicago White Sox founded?
What is Bakewell's most common religion?
What is the USS Sealion's maximum number of passengers?
When was Chris Webber born?
How many people were victims of Hurricane Katrina?
How large is Izukyu Corporation's 100 series train?
How heavy is an Elefant tank?
Which team has won the most FIFA World Cups?
Where did Adelard of Bath study Arabic?
When did synapsids appear?
When was PPARy discovered?
How large is Dautphetal?
Which East Asian country was the first to introduce money?
Which Hanshin Electric Railway station is used by the most people?
How old was Willard Van Orman Quine when he died?
Which scientific field studies molecular modeling?
What was the area of New France?
What caused the Battle of Fontenoy?
Colin Kaepernick first belonged to which team?
What is Yoshiro Mori's religion?
What is the area of Dresden?
How many species of poisonous mushroom are there in the world?
When did Hanshin Electric Railway begin services to Honjo?
Who was the pioneer of empiricism?
Does Russia also have a National Aeronautics and Space Act?
When were earphones first sold?
What is the primary industry of Madagascar?
Does the Republic of Tajikistan have a national religion?
What was the first fantasy role-playing game to be sold in the world?
When was the London Underground completed?
What was the political philosophy of Gaius Marius?
Why does Hövelhof add "Sennegemeinde" to its name?
Is there a link between urbanization and dying alone?
What are the names of the protagonists of Nanso Satomi Hakkenden?
When was the Russian navy born?
Is the Land Readjustment Act the constitution?
Did Helen Bannerman receive royalties?
Did the Principality of Polotsk have a national religion?
What is decompression sickness?
How many men were killed in the Battle of Harpers Ferry?
What is the design on the coat of arms of Sinsheim?
When did anarchism emerge?
At what age did Mitsuyo Maeda settle in Brazil?
Who created the Volker Rule?
Who discovered the atom?
When did cross-fertilization of cherry trees begin?
Who was the first president of the Republic of Nicaragua?
What is the role of a destroyer?
NEC Corporation
In what world is the story of the Wizardry series set?
Did Sigmund Freud mention fetishism?
When did westerners arrive in the United Mexican States?
Does the submarine USS Spadefish still exist?
During what period did the kingdom of Wessex exist?
What is the design on the coat of arms of Steinheim?
What occupation did Theobald Wolfe Tone hold immediately before becoming a revolutionary?
Are there qualifications necessary to become a Major League Baseball umpire?
Who discovered the Higgs boson?
What is the primary industry of Hille in the Federal Republic of Germany?
At what age did Samuel Cornelius Phillips first start a business?
What is the size of Sir Nicholas Serota Makes an Acquisitions Decision?
Who invented the abacus?
Where did rugby originate?
Where did hemp paper originate?
What is the fourth dimension in science fiction?
Is there a Takayama International Village Hospital?
Did Napoleon die of malaria?
What was the turning point of the Contra War?
Did cannibalism take place during the drift of the SY Aurora?
What is the size of protein kinase A?
Who was the founder of Rotary International?
On what page are comic strips printed in American newspapers?
How many died in the Battles of Narvik?
For what invention did Lee de Forest receive his first patent?
Who developed copy protection technology?
Are there any regions that do not have the concept of grandparents?
When was China's Ming period in western years?
When did Confucianism emerge?
How did the Battle of Haw's Shop get its name?
What was John Singleton Mosby's final rank?
In which field was the word "consciousness" first used?
Where is Temuera Morrison from?
When did the puppet show first come to Taiwan?
When were mechanized fighting vehicles developed?
When was it forbidden for foreigners to drive in the two wards during the Tokyo Hakone Round-Trip University Ekiden Race?
How big was the Akitsumaru?
When Immanuel Kant was alive, were there accurate clocks like there are now?
What is the area of Estonia?
Is the Avex Group a talent office?
Where is Brunhild from?
Did Han Xin have children?
How many UNESCO World Heritage buildings are there in Japan?
How many were killed in the Battle of the Alamo?
At what age did Deng Ai die?
Who is the founder of Fujifilm?
Who ruled the Novgorod Republic?
When was Shelby American founded?
Was there a tariff on the ABCD encirclement?
When did Buddhism come to Tibet?
When was Craig Taro Gold born?
Who was the last emperor of the Holy Roman Empire?
Who invented perspective in painting?
When did the TV drama called Getsuku start?
When was the Seikan Tunnel completed?
Who was the proponent of reflexology?
When did K-1 start?
How many did Gertrude Baniszewski kill?
What was the first factory to introduce the cotton gin?
What is a nurse's station?
What is the area of Sloane Square?
Why did Scotland become the propery of James VI?
Which side won the Gilbert and Marshall Islands campaign?
What is the smallest country in Eurasia?
What was the longest road race in the world?
What is the area of Çatalhöyük?
At what age did Sun Tzu write "The Art of War"?
Who was the first person to be diagnosed with asbestos-related lung cancer?
What is Sweden's National Anthem?
Where was Jay Cooke born?
When was the concept of downsizing developed?
When were speed checks introduced?
Why did hiragana come into use?
When did the Stimulants Control Law come into effect in the United States?
What was the tallest dinosaur?
What was the Sex Revolution of the May Revolution?
When did alternative education come to Japan?
How old was Sima Yue when he died?
What is the largest department store in Japan that has a kimono store as its predecessor?
What are Tallahassee's major industries?
Newcastle upon Tyne a hill fort?
Who was the first general manager of the Milwaukee Braves?
When was AKB48 created?
Is there anyone living in Takayama International Village?
Where is sensitivity training mainly done?
Did Aegirocassis live underwater?
Did Canelo Álvarez vs. Gennady Golovkin end with a KO victory?
What company released PaX?
How many people were there on the side of the Japanese Navy during the Battle of Tsushima?
Did Robert Gabriel Mugabe massacre the people of his country?
Who discovered THC?
What was Christian IV of Denmark's religion?
Is there a train that connects Long Island and New York City?
At what age did Hiroshi Aoyama die?
What is the longest-published baseball comic?
What year was Aqualung founded?
What year did Franklin Roosevelt serve as president?
What kind of incident was the Biogenesis scandal?
Why are there two brakes in a car?
Is the world's oldest analog computer still in existence?
What is a magic number?
What gender is Wayne Rainey?
What year did Emperor Takakura fall from power?
What is the food with the the most vitamin C?
Who systemized Roman law?
Did Karl Marx advocate the abolition of families?
Where was Yoshitoki Houjou born?
What is the area of Vicksburg?
When was the studless winter tire developed?
Could the Dorygnathus fly?
How much is the total production of the New York City entertainment industry worth?
Does the sex service industry commodify humans?
In what year was Daiei, Inc. founded?
Who is the founder of Marvel Comics?
In contrast with real estate property, what is personal property?
Why were the Bosniaks massacred?
When were the Olympics first held in China?
Who founded IMZ-URAL?
From what age is someone considered "elderly"?
In what current country did the Umayyad Caliphate exist?
Who gave pi the symbol π?
How big is Space Shuttle Endeavour?
Did Osaburou Noguchi suffer from a mental illness?
How big is the Chevrolet Corvair?
How may galaxies are there in space?
What is the total area of Oda castle?
When was modal realism first proposed?
Was Summertime Blues ever used in a film's soundtrack?
Where is the theater that Richard Wagner built?
When was the beginning of Tyrrell Racing?
Where is the publisher of Big Comic Superior?
When was the first courthouse built in England?
Who founded Toyokawa Railway?
What are the side effects of taking benzodiazepine?
How many people died at the Battle of Veracruz?
Why were the Confederate States of America called "Dixie"?
What was Elizabeth Taylor's debut work?
Who was the founder of differential geometry?
Could Vladimir Nabokov read and write German?
What industry did Hitoshi Matsumoto launch?
When was the Nippon Kempo Association founded?
When was the word "enlightenment" introduced to Japan?
For how many years was Japan closed to foreigners?
For how many years did Álvaro Uribe Vélez serve as president?
When did the production of Kagoshima Berkshire pigs start?
Who proposed the concept of neocolonialism?
What is the official language of the Republic of North Macedonia?
Who was the world's first ophthalmology specialist?
When was elementary school made free in Japan?
What is the cost of breeding Green Grass?
What was Zhang Liang's social class at birth?
What genre is Shakugan no Shana?
What is the car composition of the Sanyo 5000 series?
Was Deslar from "Space Battleship Yamato" a villain?
How many people died at the Battle of Newburn?
Did Shi Hu have siblings?
Where was John Cranko born?
Was Jean-Jacques Rousseau a pedagogist?
What was the size of the Wapen von Hamburg?
From what year to what year was the Gundam series published?
How many people died at the Battle of Nájera?
When was the USS Sealion completed?
What is the main industry of the Kamiyoshida district in Fujiyoshida City, Yamanashi prefecture?
How many islands are there in East Timor?
When was the first recorded eruption of The Volcano?
For how many years was Joseph Grew in Japan?
At the time of the first Siege of Syracuse, how many people strong was the Syracuse army?
Who was the winner of the first Elysium Novel Contest?
Was Jean-Christophe narrated in the first-person?
In which country did "green marketing" originate?
When was the Playstation 3 developed?
When did the sale of SDRAM start?
What was the event that was the reason for the Bremen-Verden campaign?
What are the main means of trade in countries without an ocean?
Does Taipei Castle exist?
In what current area was Mesopotamia?
What is the occupation of the protagonist of the comic "Brahman"?
Who was the first pharaoh of Egypt?
Where did motorsports originate?
What is the biggest bridge in England?
When was algebraic geometry created?
When was cerebrovascular disease first diagnosed?
Where did the first FIA World Rally Championship take place?
How big is Naka Town in Naka County, Tokushima prefecture?
What was the first sports club established by the Vanderbilt Commodores?
What is the area of the state of Colorado?
What is the national song of Denmark?
Who is the founder of Frictional Games?
How big is the Hankyuu 800-Series Train?
What is the average lifespan of a fruit fly?
Is terracotta a metal?
Where is Albert Staehle from?
What was the official language of the Cossack Hetmanate?
At what age did Kenji Ooshio enter the world of sumo?
Do you need to get a license to become a professional shogi player?
Are supercomputers equipped with multicores?
What was Takeshi Kikuchi's debut work?
Who was Thomas Hayton Mawson's teacher?
What is the world record (in kilometers) in free diving?
What was the average size of a Brontosaurus?
When was the color television developed?
When was the movie Moneyball released?
At what age did Wayne Rainey begin racing?
What is the official language of the Second East Turkestan Republic?
Were there bribes involved in the selection of the host for the 2020 Summer Olympics?
How big are spotted gar/alligator gar?
During World War II, how may concentration camps for people of Japanese heritage were there in the United States?
Where was Kajiwara Kagetoki originally from?
Is Ken Follett a historian?
Where is the head office of acute located?
What was the common language of the Ryukyu Kingdom?
Who was the first 'quality of life' advocate?
How many people died in the Lapland War?
Where is 'Sir Nicholas Serota Makes an Acquisitions Decision' being kept?
Do fighter planes have armoring?
Who was the first mayor of Brilon?
Was a woman sexually assaulted during the strip search phone call scams?
During what years were Blind Faith active?
How many people died in the Battle of Forts Jackson and St. Philip?
Who invented concrete?
What did Ambrose Everett Burnside invent?
Who created the optical filter?
What unit is used to measure the weight of digital data?
What is the real name of the manga artist 'Okosama Ranchi'?
Who created EVE Online?
What is biology?
How many soldiers were fielded by the Carthaginian Army at the Battle of Abacaenum?
How long would it take a ballistic missile from North Korea to reach Japan?
What was the motto of the Ba'ath Party?
How many years did the Battle of Messana last for?
What does "shigoto naiyo" mean in English?
What is the official language of Hungary?
What was the occupation of Jean Alesi's father?
When was construction of the Takami Dam completed?
What was the GDP of Brazil in 2018?
For how many years was Cuba ruled by Spain?
What is the occupation of the protagonist of 'Bleak House'?
What is the state religion of Sweden?
Who was the first mayor of Mazari Sharif?
What was the occupation of Søren Kierkegaard's father?
Where is Borat Sagdiyev from?
What is the average yearly temperature in Long Beach, California?
When was Koyasan Electric Railway founded?
What is the total length of the Canadian National Railway?
Was Kiyotaka Katsuta a psychopath?
When was the Izukyu Corporation founded?
Who was the last emperor of the Joseon dynasty?
Where is the grave of Fukuzawa Yukichi located?
Which is the smallest of Doraemon's secret gadgets?
What is the most distinguishing characteristic of East Asian stereotypes in the United States of America?
How many hot spring resorts are there in Bad Endbach?
Who is considered the pioneer of computer programming?
What career did Dennis Rodman move on to after his retirement?
What religion did Michel Aflaq believe in?
What was Akihiro Ito's debut work?
What was the motive of the perpetrators behind the Japanese embassy hostage crisis in Peru?
What is the northernmost station on the Canadian National Railway?
When did the realism movement begin?
Who was the first governor of Kosovo in the Ottoman Empire?
Which science fiction work first introduced time travel?
What was the turning point in World War I?
Is this power a resource?
What is the name of the car with a rear engine?
Do I need a passport to travel from Canada to the US by train?
How many countries are there in the Middle East?
Who manages the Catacombs of Paris?
How many people can University of Phoenix Stadium hold?
How long did The Restoration of the Stuart Monarchy last?
Do you have a dependency on Venlafaxine?
When was Engadget opened?
How are dojinshi magazines distributed?
What is the origin of the word "apoplast"?
Who is the founder of the Tobu Railway?
Are FC Metalist Kharkiv's Ultras soccer players?
Who is the founder of the Izukyu?
How many "Super Donkey Kong" series are there?
Is asbestos poisoning the worst kind of death?
What is The Shadows' debut song?
Where was Dusky Shark first discovered?
Where is the head office of the Oxford Science Video Production?
Why is French spoken in Quebec?
Which arm did Takao Obana throw with?
Theodore Gilmore Bilbo
Who used the world's first phone?
Who was the pioneer of Japanese Metal?
What religion has the most followers in Raleigh?
Which social insects make the largest colony?
What is the fastest pitched ball speed in MLB history?
When did the Hankyu 51 series train operate for the first time?
Who was Deng Ai's wife?
How many people died in the Bombing of Naha?
Was sea otter meat eaten for food?
What is the average size of a golden eagle?
What nationality was Yoko Ono?
How many people were killed in the Battle of Catana?
What does 'affiliate TV station' mean?
When was Poplar Publishing established?
Did people die in the Minnesota Starvation Experiment?
Where was service learning conducted for the first time?
Where did Paolo Veronese spend his death?
What is the official language of Soule?
Who was the first mayor of Naga-cho, Naga-gun, Tokushima Prefecture?
Are Tatra cars imported to Japan?
In what year was 'Sun and Steel' released?
Where was General Martin Pierre born?
Do researchers who are published in academic papers have to belong to a university?
How much were the box office takings for the Rambo saga?
What was France's GDP growth rate in 2018?
Are Greco grapes produced in Japan?
When did Gifu and Takayama Festivals start?
What was the last song released by the Donkey Quartet?
When did the Baby Evacuation Project end?
What was Horace Greeley's gender?
Who scored the highest at Super Bowl XLIV?
Did the pilot in the China Airlines Flight 140 crash die?
Where is the largest province in Spain?
Why did God imagine that some would disobey his orders?
To what genre does "Fairy Blue no Densetsu" belong?
Where did oil painting originate?
What was Julius Erving's occupation after retiring?
How many casualties occurred as a result of the Glyndŵr Rising?
When was B・A・R established?
Was "Puella Magi Madoka Magica" broadcast overseas?
What is Ken Sakamura's occupation?
When did Vermilion retire from racing?
Who was the first president of Indonesia?
When was interlocking first completed?
Is New Pedestrianism the name of an organization?
When was sex education introduced to Japan?
What is the maximum passenger capacity of Musculair2?
Who won the Battle of Nicopolis?
Does each company have one executive manager?
What was the student capacity of École des Beaux-Arts in 2018?
Who first advocated the concept of vector space?
What was the last film by the director Robert Wiene?
What is the biggest horse race in the world?
What is the biggest comic market in Japan?
How long did Gabriel Slaughter serve as governor?
What age group causes the most wrong-way driving accidents?
What is the major industry of Waiblingen?
When was the solar car first developed?
When did Heatmiser form?
How big is Lake Haizuka?
How many countries use the imperial system?
What is a bridgehead?
When was the Tokyu Type DeHa 200 fully decommissioned?
How many were killed in action during the Battle of Konotop?
How did the Muslim armies win the Battle of al-Qadisiyyah?
Where is Blaufränkisch grown most prominently?
Does Saint-Gobain have a branch office in Japan?
What was the title of Donald Herbert Davidson's senior thesis?
Has there ever been a forfeited game in the Japanese High School Baseball Championship?
What political party does Stephen Kevin Bannon support?
What is the oldest convent?
What is the melting point of lead?
When did earthquake prediction devices originate?
What is the major industry of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar?
At what age did David Eddings begin writing novels?
From whom did Kanō Masanobu learn to paint?
What was the major industry of the Vilayet of Kosovo under the Ottoman Empire?
What religion did Daisaku Ikeda practice during his childhood?
When was the All Japan Kickboxing Federation established?
Where did Ansel Adams and Fred Archer meet?
What was the motive for the murders of a former company president and his wife in Izumi, Osaka Prefecture?
Who was the founder of QuinRose?
When did the advocacy of neoconservatism begin?
Is TV Tokyo broadcast in the Kansai region?
What is the size of Armorica?
When were the Vanderbilt Commodores established?
Does the Guangzhou-Kowloon through train have a limited express?
When did Stalin come into contact with Marxism?
What was Shinji Wada's maiden work?
Who completed the Nakajima Ki-27?
Who was the first president of Uganda?
What was the gender of Eileen Joyce?
How many judoka are there in the Gracie Family?
Who led the Texas Revolution?
Who founded the Edgeware, Highgate and London Railway?
Where did Richard I spend his later life?
What was the first program broadcast by FM Gifu Broadcasting?
Who proposed the employee share ownership trust program?
When was Tatra founded?
Has a samurai government ever existed outside of Japan?
What was the first brokerage firm in Japan?
Who was the first professional golfer in Japan?
When did the tradition of the Christmas tree begin?
Who coined the term ethnocentrism?
What is the size of Kawanakajima?
Who was the publisher of "Kushiel's Legacy?"
Who was the first to put forth the concept of metempsychosis?
Who taught Jan van Eyck about painting?
Were Mary of Egypt and Mary, mother of Jesus, different people?
What was the final work by Gustav Klimt?
Do yakuza-themed films comprise the majority of Toei V-Cinema films?
Is there a form of dependence for which the symptoms involve the inability to stop playing video games?
Who was the pioneer of rationalism and the Enlightenment?
What was the main weapon used by Indians during the Siege of Fort William Henry?
What was the occupation of the husband at the time of the Barney and Betty Hill abduction?
What is a constitutional republic?
Where is John Green from?
Who was the first Commanding Officer of USS Spadefish?
Who developed the loadable kernel module?
When did the Puebloans arrive in New Mexico?
When was Activision founded?
Who advocated for the philosophies of yin and yang and wuxing?
Which was Motoshi Fujita's dominant hand?
What was the size of Saturn I?
When was Namhansanseong built?
Where did kitesurfing originate?
Was there any damage caused to private citizens during the Swedish invasion of Brandenburg?
When did agriculture begin in Japan?
How many hours does it take for a direct flight from Japan to Germany?
What was the first war that the Udaloy-class destroyer was used in?
Who was the first king of England?
Are there any years in which broadcasting of the "Gundam" series was halted?
What was the occupation of Jimmy Wales prior to starting Wikipedia?
Where is Syracuse at present?
What is the climate like in the Valencian Community of Spain?
Does Nishimeya Village in Nakatsugaru District, Aomori Prefecture still exist?
What was the educational background of Tetsugorō Obara?
When was the Yokosuka P1Y Ginga completed?
Who was the founder of the Global Moms Network?
Who developed the tachometer?
Is protein essential for a human to live?
How old was Mencius at the time of his death?
Who devised little green men?
When was open-source software developed?
What is the literacy rate in Japan?
When did The Rock come to Japan?
What is the area of Shephard's Bush?
Is the exclusive economic zone wider than the territorial waters?
When was the railroad switch introduced?
Are there legislative buildings constructed in every American state?
How long did the Russo-Turkish Wars continue?
When did bathing culture begin in Rome?
When was the Schieder-Schwalenberg established?
Who discovered 'Germania'?
What countries use German as their official language?
Why did English become the official language of the United States?
Is the atomic bomb a chemical weapon?
What was the first paper published by John Maynard Keynes on the multiplier effect?
What is the area of Jellyfish Lake?
When was the first single-stage-to-orbit space transport launched?
When was the earliest infantry recorded?
What medium is used to create graffiti?
When did international trade originate?
What was the population of Usingen in 2018?
How old was Keiko Osawa when he was Professor Emeritus at Waseda University?
Is the lactose operon present in all living things?
Can I buy benzodiazepines at a pharmacy?
How many disciples did Mozart have?
Who was the pioneer of the Indian independence Movement?
How many musicians belong to Sony Music Records?
Will you lose your vision if you hit the optical frequency comb?
What is the largest railway company in New York?
How long did Hernando de Soto stay in the Americas?
When did John Porter start the Newbury Racecourse?
What is the area of Castile and León in square kilometers?
What is the sociobiology controversy?
What is the closest satellite to Earth?
Are dolphins homeotherms?
How long did the Hollywood Golden Age last?
What is Tim Duncan's native language?
What does Martial Law mean?
What is the role of the Kagura?
Where is the largest beach on the Balkans?
What country is Carthage in?
Who founded Enterbrain?
What is the area of Tamaki Town, Tokai District, Mie Prefecture?
How the Wikimedia Foundation is funded?
Where was Martin Marietta born?
Where is the head office of Keihan Shinkyu Railways?
Where was the base of the Ueno Kokudate Hayashi Domain?
When was the cursive alphabet created?
What was O-Zone's debut song?
Which temple was Kansuke Yamamoto in after he went forth?
When was id Software established?
What foods contain the most folic acid?
What is the name of the first-ever station in New York?
Which vitamins produce protein?
Did Aristotle support the four elemental theories?
How old was William Felton Russell when he started playing basketball?
What was the first star in the solar system?
What nationality is José Manuel Durão Barroso?
How long did it take for Leo Tolstoy to write "War and Peace?"
When was the Japanese submarine I-25 completed?
Why has soccer been viewed as a sport for men?
When was Pope Urban VI born?
When was taxonomy coined?
What is the official language of the Jie people?
Who designed the Lithuanian flag?
What is the total area (km2) of ​​Hot Spring County?
What is Jun Fudo's maiden work?
Who invented the bugle?
Who coined nihilism?
Is there any new work in Kabuki performance?
How old was Komajiro Tamura when he started his business?
Is there a concept of the afterlife in Ban Phi (Thai folk religion)?
What was the first mystery movie to air in Japan?
What is the official language of Wertheim?
Where is the capital of Gloucestershire, England?
What caused the British to be defeated in the Battle of Cartagena de Indias?
Is there a karate technique that can cause fatal injury to your opponent?
Are self-aligned gates used in supercomputers?
What was the first company in Japan to produce a train?
When was USS Grouper completed?
What was the major industry in Löhne?
What is the area of ​​Nagasecho, Saga City, Saga Prefecture?
What is the least populated municipality in Hochsauerlandkreis?
Was Jacques-Louis David a court painter?
Who was the pioneer of the Argumentation theory?
Who was the founder of Saint-Gobain?
Who established the Harima Province?
What was the gender of James Jerome Hill?
Where did soccer originate?
How long did the Indian Empire last?
When was masturbation first mentioned in literature?
How many countries use Arabic as their official language?
Who built Shojokein Temple?
Who developed scheduling in computer science?
What is the power supply source with the smallest share of power generation?
What percentage of adults in Japan have experienced self-harm?
Was Thomas Henry Huxley an atheist?
Where was Woody Allen's Annie Hall filmed?
How many square meters is the Teutoburg Forest?
Was Emmanuel Todd's "After the Empire" an academic paper?
Were human ancestors amphibians?
Did Kincsem have any offspring?
How many rounds can be loaded in a Minié rifle?
Who was the pioneer in astrophysics?
Senritsu Kaiki File Kowasugi! Who was the first director of it?
Was there any criticism of capitalism before Karl Marx?
When was Charles IV born?
Does Scott Lee Peterson suffer from a mental Illness?
When did the Shikoku Shinkansen run for the first time?
What empire did the city of Borgentreich belong to before the Federal Republic of Germany?
Who is the proponent of capitalism?
Has the Jacksonville Jaguars ever won in the championship in the U.S.?
How many airplanes did Britain have during World War II?
Was Robbie Williams part of Take That when they reunited?
Does the black pomfret have white flesh?
Who was the Prime Minister of Japan in 2004?
How many characters are there in Thai script?
When did erotic novels come into being in Japan?
How much did the G1 medium tank weigh?
What genre is the novel Nightwood?
When was the XCP developed?
Who named proteins "chaperones"?
How tall was Ariel Sharon?
How old was Josep "Pep" Guardiola Sala when he started playing football?
Who developed thermography?
What obtained the highest viewing ratings on Pro-Wres Hour?
When did the NHL come into being?
Do the Miao people believe in animism?
Which European nation was the first to settle in America?
Which veena instrument makes the loudest noise?
What is the main industry in Soule?
What genre is ANGEL?
Who was the first daimyo of the Kubota Domain?
When did banks come into being?
When was Galaxy Angel first released?
What was the treasure of the Beale ciphers?
What was the common language spoken in the Andean civilizations?
How many members are there in Ride?
Is entrance forbidden to the Tadasu-no-Mori Forest?
How big is the Nimitz-class aircraft carrier?
Does salt production take place at the Salton Sea?
What was Lynn Nolan Ryan, Jr.'s height when he was active his career?
Does the Hidensho really exist?
Who is the founder of the French Communist Party?
Who played the lead part in The Great Race?
When did secure communication come into being?
What was Helmut Heinrich Waldemar Schmidt's occupation immediately before becoming a politician?
What is the primary industry in Lage?
Why is the American film The Great Escape referred to as a war film, despite not having any battle scenes?
What was Heinrich Kreutz' nationality?
What were the human ancestors at the height of the Ice Age?
Where is the Kingdom of Navarre in the modern day?
What is the altitude of Mount Amagi?
What did the company Amazon initially sell?
Which country was the first to recognize Taiwan as an independent country?
Who was the first captain of the Jiangkai-class frigate?
What is Emirau Island's land area?
Do the Miao people have festivals?
How many wins did Daisuke Matsuzaka have in the MLB?
Do you put cash in a slot machine to play?
Is there a law that prohibits the feeding of wild animals in Japan?
Is there fog in the Rhône region in southern France?
How many Universal Studios Japan are there in the world?
