How many years did the Heian period last?
Was there a village in North Pole as of 2018?
Who is the first cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church?
When was N2 Games founded?
Which website recorded the most users in Korea?
What is the surface area of the city of Jerusalem?
How many countries are there in total in East Asia?
Who lost in the Battle of Yiling?
What is Tcl?
As of 2019, which wild animal is most raised as a pet?
What is the least reactive metal in the world?
How many national ballet groups are in Russia?
When did Robbie Williams make his debut as a singer?
How many books are in the Bible?
In what year was Adhocracy first organized?
What was the picture that took the longest to shoot in the world?
When was the Battle of the Marne end?
Who was the president of Italy in 1865?
In what year was the United States of America founded?
When did the first Opium War begin?
What was the world's first online shopping mall?
Which drink was the most selling in Japan in 2018?
Where is the World Bank located?
Which country is Matt Stone from?
Which country in East Asia has the highest population density?
How many Chinese traditional musical instruments are there?
In what year was South Park first aired?
What is the name of the main character in the Gundam series?
Who had the most jobs in the world as of 2019?
Which country had the highest number of same sex couple households as of 2019?
What is the most used social media as of May 2019?
What are the achievements of Tang Taizong?
What is the history book of the historical contents of the Israelites?
What is the biggest war in Japanese history?
Which country owns the most submarines?
Which planet is the closest to Earth?
When did the Battle of Pydna end?
How does G protein affect the human body?
Which country first invented the genetic scissors?
When did John Stewart Mill die?
What is the GDP of Belgium?
Where is the biggest desert in the world?
What is the fatality of radioactivity?
When was the Ottoman Empire founded?
How many South Koreans have received Canadian permanent residency in 2018?
What is the highest mountain in Cuba?
Which power plant produces the most electricity in Korea?
When did the Constitution for United Sates become effective?
Which national park was visited the most by tourists in 2018?
By how many countries was Cuba colonized in history?
What is the first Cheese in the Trap cartoon release date?
Who was Japan's first Emperor?
What is the largest battle in history?
What is the largest wedding hall in Korea?
What percentage is the legal inheritance tax in Korea?
What was the tallest building in Hawaii as of 2018?
What is the content of The Adventure of the Six Napoleons?
What is Germany's largest city?
Where did the Mesopotamia civilization originate from?
What is the most common surname in Korea?
Which city has the lowest population density in Germany?
How many cities are in Bulgaria?
Which animal has the largest number of individuals in the world?
Who was the Swedish thinker that influenced psychicism?
What is the motto of the Soviets?
How many tear glands are in the human body?
Who was the first king of Silla?
Is Greenwich Village located on the west side of Lower Manhattan?
What is the tallest building in Greece?
What is the largest valley in Korea?
Where is the capital of Falkland Islands?
Which smartphone first implemented fingerprint recognition?
Who first devised the memory management technique?
What was the longest lasting battle in history?
Which city has the highest population density in Mongolia?
What is the highest mountain in the world?
What is the distance between Hamburg and Berlin of Germany?
Who is the founder of the Nazi party?
What is the largest science university in Korea?
What is the distance from France to England?
What is Hyundai Motor's subsidiary?
Did the history of quantum color dynamics start in the early 1960's?
When did the Sevastopol siege take place?
What is Carl Schurz's first article?
How do you say hotel in Latin?
Which city is the smallest city in Italy?
In what year was Bitcoin introduced?
Which country has the longest history in the world?
Who is the current prime minister of England?
How many countries speak Korean?
Where is the biggest cathedral in the world located?
What is the biggest temple in Tibet?
Which surname is most common in Korea?
How many bridges are there in Korea?
Which city was the first to be attacked when the North Korean army invaded South Korea?
Who is the prime minister of Russia?
Which virus has the highest fatality rate?
As of 2018, what is the tallest building in France?
How many theological universities are there in the United States?
Which province is the smallest in Italy?
Who is the owner of the Dodgers?
What is the smallest island in Korea?
What is the fastest growing plant in the world?
What country is Mactan Island in?
Which religion serves the most number of gods?
How many diseases can be transferred by mosquitoes?
Who is the CEO of Keisei Electric Railway Company Ltd?
Where is the largest greenhouse in the world?
Why did Napoleon start the war?
What is the date of Hojo Soun's death?
What is the second largest city in China?
What is the smallest country in East Asia?
What was the most used messenger app in the world in 2019?
Which country had the most number of homeless as of 2018?
Which metal has the lowest melting point?
In which country did the world's first theater originate?
Who was the leader of the United States in 2019?
What is the smallest country in East Asia?
When did the Ming dynasty fall?
What was the most consumed fish in Korea in 2018?
When was the novel Wild Age published?
What is the fastest natural satellite in the solar system?
How many countries are there in East Asia?
What is the tallest mountain in Ireland?
In which country is the WOMAD site administrator based?
What is the tallest building in Jeonju?
When did Korea reclaim its capital Seoul?
How many culinary schools are in France?
When was Rene Descartes born?
In 2019, how many Korean baseball players are active in Japan?
Which constellation is made up of the most number of stars?
When was copyright acknowledged for the first time?
What is the name of the science that deals with all the natural phenomenons not introduced by humans?
Which Chinese city has the lowest population density?
How many different countries did the American Indians spread to?
Who was the president of Switzerland in 2010?
As of May 2019, which apartment has the most number of living units?
Who led the Japanese army during the escape from Kiska Island?
As of 2019, how many diseases do not have a cure?
When is Kangho Song's birthday?
When was the Soviet Union established?
As of 2019, which country has the largest military?
What is the website of Blizzard Entertainment?
How many high schools are there in France?
What is the distance between the Sun and Jupiter?
Which is Hanski's first baseball club?
How many planets in the solar system are larger than the earth?
What is the heaviest computer in the world?
What is Pepin's biggest achievement?
Which country started the minimum wage policy?
What is the world's largest mailbox?
What is the biggest wolf species in the world?
Which Japanese group has the most number of members?
What does "Milky" in the Milky way refer to?
Who founded La Jeunesse?
When was Sega established?
Which city is home to the giant Jesus statue?
Who was the leader of Norway in 2019?
When was the Eiffel Tower completed?
In what year was the penicillin discovered?
How long does each Japanese era lasts for?
As of 2019, which country imported the largest number of Nintendo?
Who is the 1st king of the Ottoman empire?
When was Tetsuya Shiozaki's first pitch?
What is the tallest mountain in China?
What was the national religion during the Kamakura shogunate?
Which Chinese city has the highest population density?
Who is the head of the Korea Research Institute of Standards and Science?
Who was the leader of Finalnd in 2019?
What is the oldest necktie brand in the world?
How many courts are there in the USA?
In what year was Hollywood established?
What is the life expectancy of Psittacosaurus?
Where was the first clock invented?
Which country has the largest petroleum export?
In what year was the first Grammy awards awarded?
When was Austria founded?
When did the first Hajj Pilgrimage take place?
When was Warner Bros. founded?
When did the Mexican Revolution occur?
Out of all the kings from the Joseon Dynasty, how many of them were assassinated?
When did Wagner die?
How much is the GDP of Orlando?
In 2018, how many parties are there in United Kingdom?
Who made the Japanese Language?
What is the world's oldest stamp?
What is the highest building in Algeria?
What was James Wong's first movie as a director?
How many international airports are there in New Zealand?
Which country first started baseball?
In May of 2019, how many Buddhist monks are there in Tibet?
What is the capital of Mexico?
By 2019, in Japan, who wrote the most songs?
Which country made subways the most?
Who was the prime minister of Ireland in the 90s?
Is there a difference between male and female hormones?
Which expressway in Korea has the highest speed limit?
What is the longest collection of poems in the world?
Which tie brand sold the most in 2018?
Where is the smallest city in United Kingdom?
What is the first made map of Korea?
When did Korea first officially join the World Intellectual Property Organization?
When did the Edo period end?
What does 'God the Father' mean?
How much American debt does China have?
Where are the headquarters for Deckers located in the United States?
What is the first book of the bible?
Which ethnic race covers the most of the entire Chinese population?
Out of all actors from United Kingdom, who has appeared the most in Hollywood movies?
How many nursery schools are there in Greece?
What is the largest bird in the world?
In which country was the nuclear bomb first exploded?
Who made the CLOSERS animation?
Who was the Russian leader in 2001?
Where did pneumonia start from?
What was the mother tongue of William IX?
Which country was first attacked by nuclear weapons?
How many middle schools are there in Italy?
Who first invented guns?
What is the largest camera in the world?
What is the most expensive university in Europe?
During the World War II, was it legitimate to own a radio?
When did Taiwan declare independence from China?
In 2018, which month recorded the lowest average temperature in Russia?
How big is the sports industry in Korea?
In terms of sex ratio, which country has the highest percentage of female population?
How much is the total area of Virginia?
In which continent is the Netherlands located?
What language did people speak in the Maurya Empire?
How many lakes are there in United Kingdom?
When did Toyotomi Hideyoshi die?
Which period was the Heian period?
What kind of herbivorous dinosaurs were there?
In 2018, which earthquake recorded the highest magnitude in Japan?
In 2018, how many people died from Asian giant hornets?
When did Ishiyama Hongan-ji War take place?
When was Nixon born in?
What year was KOLON established?
How many cities are in Australia?
What is the highest political authority in Japan?
In America, which state has the highest occurrence of hurricanes?
How many counties does New Mexico have?
What is the Orient Express?
What is the maximum speed of the Chūō Line (Rapid)?
What many universities does South Korea have?
As of May 2019, how many Lotterias are there in South Korea?
What is the official flower of Yongin-si?
Which country has the second largest population in the world?
At what age did Kim Gu die?
When did Christianity first spread to America?
Which commander had the largest force during the Thirty Years' War?
How many large bridges are there in Berlin, Germany?
How many sperm cells do males produce every day?
Who claimed victory in the Second Sino-Japanese War?
When was Columbia University established?
What is the oldest broadcasting company in the world?
Did the Cuban Revolution result in communization?
How much capital did LG Chem have in 2018?
What was the purpose of the establishment of the Ordo Fratrum Minorum?
How is nicotine created?
What is the longest bridge in Japan?
In what year did Islam begin?
How many presidents of the United States have been assassinated?
Where is the Changgyeong Palace located?
What
What is the largest whale museum in the world?
What is the state religion of South Korea?
Why did the Tang Dynasty fail to conquer the Korean Peninsula?
When did the first crusade occur?
Who was the leader of Egypt in 2019?
What is South Korea's Historic Site No.1?
Who is the founder of KT?
In what year did Horatio Nelson die?
Where is Hyeonchung-sa located?
What is the current population of Leyte?
How many times does the Earth rotate every year?
Which region of Italy produces the most wine?
Where was cheese first invented?
Who was the first president of the University of Berlin?
What year was WOMAD established?
When did Japan invade Korea?
How large is Maffei 1?
What is the longest railway in the United States?
As of May 2019, how many lawyers are registered with the Japan Federation of Bar Associations?
Who was the successor to Marie Antoinette?
When will there be an industrial revolution in South Korea?
Was Park Dong-Jin an independence activist?
When was Shu Han founded?
Who first invented the wind turbine?
What is the provincial flower of Gyeonggi-do?
What is the area of Nagasaki Prefecture?
Where does the word milk originate?
What is the diet of a giraffe?
What is the area of Hungary?
When was the movie "Alien" first released?
Which company first released colour televisions?
Which country had the highest suicide rate in 2018?
Who was the mayor of Seongnam in 2018?
What is the largest soccer ball in the world?
Which country is the cultural root of Jazz?
At what age did Ahmad Shah Massoud become a military and political leader?
What university did Jan Hus attend?
How many pieces of janggu do you play?
Is it between 10 and thousands of times the intensity of a giant star?
When did the Italian unification start?
What was the most sold notebook in Korea in 2018?
What is Syria's largest airport?
What is the Spanish national anthem?
Who is Jesus Christ's successor?
Which ramyeon had the highest sales in 2018?
Who is the 10th President of China?
What is Korea's land area?
Why did the Seljuk Empire fall?
What is salt made of?
Which country has the most volcanoes in the world?
What is the first building in Korea that uses Earth shelter architecture?
How long did France colonize Cochinchina?
Who directed the most Hollywood movies?
Where did Buddhism originate?
What president took the April 13 constitutional action?
How many elements are essential to a successful organizational change?
How many sons does Shimazu Hisamitsu have?
Did the ancient Near East make a world map?
How many countries adopted a presidential system?
Who is the king who started the novi system?
What is the capital of Egypt?
Can I change my DNA?
Which country has the largest number of dinosaur fossils found?
How many times has Vietnam been colonized in history?
How many countries have nuclear bombs as of 2019?
Who wrote the most mystery novels?
What year was Messi born?
Who is the 5th President of Korea?
What is the highest mountain in United Kingdom?
What is the name of the bow Hercules used?
Who is the 100th Pope?
What is the real name of Pope II?
Who was the Japanese warlord that led the armed forces into the Imjin War?
As of May 2019, who is Apple's major shareholder?
What is the oldest building in Rome?
What is the state religion of India?
What is the biggest speaker in the world?
Which team won the U.S. professional baseball league in 2016?
What caused the Sakuragichō train fire?
What did Mary Boulin achieve?
Which country had the first stealth jet?
How many Olympic events were there in 2019?
Who was the first person to discover the North Sea?
How many species of plants are there in the Taiga region?
Who is the original author of Star Wars?
How many countries are there in the Middle East?
Where does the name for butter come from?
At what age did Thomas Wolsey die?
What is the most exported wine in Italy in 2018?
When did Rose become a biologist?
How many meters above sea level is the Palgongsan Mountain?
Where is the National Assembly building in Korea?
When did the baseball Olympic event start?
What is the astronomical unit conversion value of 4?
What is the smallest animal in the world?
What was the Trojan civilization?
What is the cat's name?
What year did Dr. Who first start airing?
When was the first broadcasting station established in Korea?
How many meters between touchdown zones?
Is it DNA that contains the genetic information of a living thing?
What is the least populated city in the United States?
When is the founding year of Prince Motor Company?
Which country sees the most northern lights?
What is the largest island in the southwest Indian Ocean?
What is the largest ship in the world in 2019?
Where is the largest art museum in the world?
What did Tesla achieve?
What is the largest lake in Algeria?
Who is the founding member of the DLP?
Who is the current president of Vietnam?
How many seminary schools are there in America?
J. What type of play does M. Barry write against realism?
Where is the biggest soccer field in Korea?
Which prison has the most escaped prisoners in the world?
What are the benefits of land reform?
What is the highest mountain in Southeast Asia?
What shoes have been sold most in Korea in 2018?
What is the longest-running war in history?
Who is the longest-sentenced criminal in history?
Who made the most movies as of 2019?
What is the largest church in Turkey?
What is the difference between conservatism and liberalism?
What is the smallest city in Vietnam?
Which city has the highest population density in Spain?
When did Park Hang-seo start his job as Vietnam's football manager?
What will be the Muslim population in Brazil in 2018?
Who is the leader of Myanmar in 2019?
In what language was the book On the Origin of Species first written?
What is the biggest university in America?
Which country has the lowest average sea level on Earth?
What is the most downloaded game from Riot Games?
How many countries is gay marriage banned in as of 2019?
When was the Virtuix Omni developed?
What is the hottest planet in the solar system?
What is the biggest river in Seoul?
How many countries are allied with North Korea as of 2019?
What country has the most tanks as of 2019?
How many countries use Mongolian as their national language?
When did lynching phase out?
What state is San Francisco in?
How do you write Falun Gong in Chinese?
Where is the capital of Thailand?
How many unsolved cases are there in Germany as of 2019?
What is the name of the professional soccer team that Dennis Law first played on?
How far is it from Jupiter to Mercury?
Who is the mayor of Suwon in 2019?
Who is the wife of the Great Library?
What is the biggest racetrack in Korea?
What is the oldest building in Hungary?
What country was How to Train Your Dragon the most successful in?
When did Torrent start its service?
What is the first word on the bible?
How many countries belong to North America?
Which is the first high school in South Korea?
What s the MeSH code for infectious diseases?
Which publisher was the first to publish George Orwell's novel 1984?
What is the world's largest porcelain?
What is the surface area of Northern Italy?
When was Oxford University established?
How long does it take for plastics to naturally decompose?
What is the national religion of Chile?
Who was the governor of Indiana in 2018?
What is the largest city in Maryland?
Who founded Taobao in China?
How big is the Ottoman Empire?
Where is Korea Electric Power Corporation's main office?
When was the first tax system developed?
How much oxygen does a person need daily?
What is the largest city in Belgium?
As of 2019, who is the largest stakeholder of Hyundai?
In terms of largest countries, where does Iran rank?
Which corporation has the largest franchise in South Korea?
Which Argentinian city recorded the highest GDP in 2018?
Which country has participated in the largest number of battles?
What is the oldest relic in South Korea?
What is the name of the novel written by Jin-geon Hyun?
When was the Liao dynasty established?
As of 2019, which author has written the most number of novels?
What is Rigel's stellar classification?
How many times has the Netherlands won the World Cup?
As of 2019, how many Catholic priests are there in South Korea?
As of May 2019, who is the oldest person in the world?
Which planet in the solar system comes after the Earth in terms of size?
When did Marx die?
In 2018, how many employees worked for LG?
As of 2019, who was the youngest leader of a country in the world?
What is the website of afreecaTV?
When was Megan's Law implemented?
What was the best selling Sony product in 2018?
When did the Edo period begin?
In 2019, which Canadian city had the highest number of international students?
Which patent had the highest earning in 2018?
When was San Diego Padres founded?
How big is Luxemburg?
How many pages does The Metamorphosis have?
Does the Sun revolve around the Earth's orbits?
What is the freshwater to land ratio in Somalia?
In what year did Van Gogh die?
What is the historic site number 1 in South Korea?
Which country deployed the highest number of crusades?
How many countries has Russia colonized?
When did the Spanish transition to democracy culminate?
What is the most toxic fungus to the human body?
Who was the 40th emperor of Japan?
Who was the 1st emperor of the Roman empire?
Who was the 1st emperor of the Roman empire>
What was humanity's first tool?
Who is J.K. Rowling's ex husband?
How many wars did the US and Korea fought together?
Which prison has the most recorded escapes?
Does the moon have its own light?
What year did the Qin dynasty end?
Who is the first president of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea?
How long did it take to write 'The Stranger'?
How many countries are there in Western Europe?
How many directors are there in the Board of Directors?
What is the tallest building in Budapest?
Which country is the best for astronomy?
Which company has the most number of regular employees in Korea as of 2019?
Who is the incumbent Austrian
In which language are the tales from the Ulster Cycle written?
Which country had the most number of homeless as of 2018?
What drugs are used for Graves' disease?
How many zoos are there in Germany?
Who was the first president in the history of mankind?
Where can you see the most number of stars?
Who invented the blockchain technology?
What is the first men's university in Japan?
What is the oldest newspaper in Korea?
How long is the Military Demarcation Line?
Who was the ancestor of man according to evolution?
Where is the hometown of Hong Seok-chun?
When did Seo Taiji and Lee Ji-ah get divorced?
Which country had the most colonies until 2019?
Where is the Taiga located?
What was the biggest battle in history until 2019?
What is the currency of China?
Who was the president when the Constitution of Republic of Korea was promulgated?
Which planet in the solar system has the most collision?
Which Japanese city had the most number of visitors in 2018?
Which company had the highest consumer satisfaction in Korea in 2018?
What was the largest suicide in history?
At what temperature does glass melt?
What is the most expensive china in the world?
What are the six degrees of motion of a ship?
Who led the battle of Myeongnyang?
What country does Hamlet take place in?
Which company is the biggest in Korea?
What era comes after the renaissance?
How big is a full grown praying mantis?
What happens if hydrostatic pressure increases?
What is the longest name in the world?
Who was the first prime minister of Italy?
Which is the oldest university in the world?
When did Ashoka die?
Who has the most tattos in the world?
How tall is John George Terry?
Where is Kang Ho-sun imprisoned at as of 2019?
What is the longest bone in the human body?
How many people are infected with AIDS from the Jindo AIDS scandal?
Which subway line is the longest in Japan?
What are the rules of tennis?
When was the Cartoon Network founded?
What is the difference between Samba and Choro?
What is the average life span of a wolf?
Out of all the kings from the Joseon Dynasty, how many of them were assassinated?
What is the origin of sociology?
How many babies do wolves bear?
How many victims did the Nazi concentration camps produce?
Which country did basketball originate from?
In which city is the Embassy of Republic of Korea located in Malaysia?
For the first time in how many years did Korea make it to the round of 16 in 2002 World Cup?
What is the reason ostriches cannot fly?
What is the most expensive surgery in the world?
Which country has the most resources?
What is the fastest fighter aircraft in the world as of May 2019?
In which year was the major league baseball founded?
What is the oldest mummy in the world?
What is the appeal process?
What is the longest-running surgery in history?
What is the current population of Eurasia?
How many soldiers did South Korea dispatch during the Vietnam War?
When was the Romance of the Three Kingdoms written?
What is the biggest Lego in the world?
What is the longest wall in the world?
As of 2019, what is the most expensive game console?
What is the religion of Hernán Cortés?
How many countries were divided and then reunited by 2019?
Which country is the rainiest in the world?
When did Singapore build Jewel Airport?
Who established Methodist church?
What is the population of the state of Delaware of the year 2018?
What is the size of the largest dolmen in the world?
How many regions can Russia's territory be divided into by terrain?
What is the shape of a hexagon?
In what year was the pyramid first built?
When was the Japan Atomic Energy Commission established?
What is the scientific name of desert lynx?
What era was Japan in in 2017?
What is the most recent Korean drama dealing with the topic of souls?
Which country has the most medical accidents in the world?
What was the sentence for the person who initiated "We demand truth from Tablo"?
What is the Prime Minister's term of office in Hungary?
How many rivers are there in India?
What is the oldest country in the world?
How many languages ​​exist in China?
In which country was Machiavellism first applied?
How many children did Robert Neelly Bellah have?
What is the largest star observed from Earth?
What was the biggest hurricane in history?
Which country had the highest birth rate in 2018?
Why did the ancient Egyptian civilization perish?
What city is the highest city in France?
Who is the youngest member of the National Assembly in Korea?
In which country did baseball originate from?
Who is the founder of Air New Zealand?
Who is the mayor of Daegu in 2019?
In what year did Abe become prime minister?
What is the world's smallest semiconductor in 2019?
What is the largest building in Italy?
When did the Renaissance begin?
Which city has the highest number of sidewalks in India?
Which country has produced the most number of popes?
Which washing machine had the highest sales in South Korea in 2018?
What is the scenario for Time?
What is the average speed of intercontinental trains?
What is the difference between regular bloodwork and detailed blood work?
How old was Bench at the time of his retirement?
What is Imagawa Sadayo's father's name?
Which of Jesus' disciples died first?
As of May 2019, which South Korean apartment complex has the largest number of living units?
Which city has the highest number of sidewalks in India?
What is the largest lake in Hawaii?
When did tightrope walking start?
What is the difference between grafts and bribery?
What is the largest cathedral in Italy?
How many different types of files are supported by Han/Geul?
When did Bismarck come into power in Germany?
Which country had the largest number of visitors in 2018?
Which is South Korea's first airline?
How many followers did Jeung San Do have in 2000?
Who was the 1st king of the kingdom of Aragon?
J. M. What was Barry's first work?
When was the current capital of France selected?
Which country has produced the highest number of popes?
How far is Maffei 1 from Earth?
What country are the Celts from?
When did Sechang Oh become an official of the Korean Empire?
When did Tokugawa Yoshimune die?
What is a disadvantage of robotic surgery?
When the human behavioral principles are analyzed through psychology, are there any studies that studied human aggression from a social perspective?
When was Christiaan Huygens born?
In 2019, which was the predominant religion in Mexico?
Why did Banghoon start a rebellion?
From what language did the term Kochi originate?
How many universities are in Poland?
How many countries participated in the 30-year War?
What was Hungary called in ancient times?
What is the first law school in the USA?
When was the European Union established?
Who reigned the Kingdom of Epirus in year 307?
What is the largest university in the world?
When was Dr Who first aired?
What are the different types of medicinal plants?
How many photographers are registered as intangible cultural properties?
What is the distance between Germany and Japan?
In which country ws the first Orothodox church established?
What is the oldest 5-star hotel in the world?
When is Bak Jega's birthday?
What is the chemical formula for flavin adenine dinucleotide?
In what year was the Bible completed?
What color are the wolves' forehead?
What is the capital of Sudan?
When was T-54 first used?
When did Jan van Eyck die?
Who was the first ruler of Russia?
What is the difference between factualism and realism?
How does cell division work?
Is Reformed Baptism related to Protestantism?
Which country made the most money through modern science?
Which country won the Battle of Uljin?
How many times has France hosted the World Cup?
What is the first orbiting artificial satellite in history?
Which country did the Mormon religion originate from?
What was the most selling pickup truck in the United States in 2018?
What is the largest research institute in the world?
What was the largest population in the world as of 2019?
What is the role of short stop?
How many American citizens did not have any sort of health insurance in 2009?
When did Korea formally join the International Copyright Convention?
What is the official city tree of Yangsan?
Who is the first female leader in history?
What is the largest political group in the world?
Who is the first French prime minister?
What types of metallic chemical elements are there?
What is amino acid's chemical formula?
When is the foundation day for the Korea Railroad Corporation?
What is the concept of continental legal system?
When did Hashiba Hideyoshi die?
What is the biggest lake in Belgium?
When was the Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them made into a movie?
What was the first movie Universal Studios produced?
How long does the human brain take to process information on perceived objects?
When did General James Wolfe die?
When did Washington become American capital?
What is the difference between the general shareholders' meeting and the temporary shareholders' meeting?
In what year was the penicillin discovered?
What is the tallest tree in the world?
Who is the current mayor of the city of Yongin?
Which country has the most horses in the world?
How many times has the The Heritage of the Three States been published by 2019?
Who won the 2018 Golden Globe?
In what year did Samsung release the first smartphone?
How tall is Wayne Mark Rooney?
Which race has the thickest hair?
Which country has the highest GDP in Southeast Asia?
When was National Geographic first founded?
How many Governor-Generals of Japan were there during World War II?
When did rock music begin?
When did the Japanese colonial era end?
When was the French Football Federation founded?
Among the characteristics of the algorithm, which characteristic has a clear working step that does not change?
What is the tallest building in Falkland?
When was Naver established?
Where is the Ministry of National Security's affiliated agency?
How many types of eccentric exercise are there?
Does Patent Office of South Korea generally call this an intellectual property?
Who was the president of Greece in 2018?
Who is the founder of Rand Corporation?
Where was Mark Allen Burley's first business trip to?
When was the Olympic Committee established?
What is the distance from Japan to France?
What was East Germany's motto?
What is the distance from Venus to the Sun?
How many lawyers are registered in the Korean Bar Association in 2019?
Where is the largest church in the world?
What is Aeduk Hwang's education level?
When did the Chosan battle occur?
What is the GNP of Germany?
Who is the current patriarch of the Tokugawa family?
In terms of the order of chairman of the central military commission of Chinese communist party, where does Mao Zedong stand?
What was the first electronic musical instrument in history?
How big is Romania?
What is the oldest brewery in Italy?
Who was the first pope in Catholicism?
In 2018, which country harvested the largest amount of sugar canes?
Article 67 section 1 states that when one of the co-suers submit a counter lawsuit, the other co-suer follows the regulations in article 56 section1. This law is described in which article of the South Korean law?
Where is Nintendo headquarters?
How do you treat liver pain?
How many Christians are in Turkey?
When is Tetsuharu Kawakami's birthday?
Which country is considered the birthplace of humanity?
How many parks are in South Korea?
When did Raphaello Sanzio die?
Who invented the microscope?
What is the surface area of Mongolia?
What is the largest film festival in the world?
In what continent is Palestine located?
How many teams make up the Spanish 1st division football league?
Which author has written the most number of novels in history?
When are the first records of the South Korean mathematics?
Where is Jaesoon Lee's hometown?
Who was the first biologist to receive the Nobel prize?
How many countries has France colonized?
What is the surface area of Germany?
Who is the youngest corportation CEO in history?
Which US state has the largest number of airports?
When is Sugako Hashida's birthday?
Where is Nitta Yoshisada's grave?
What language is spoken in the Kingdom of Dahomey?
Do pulmonary diseases lead to death?
How many generations of kings were there in the Ming Dynasty?
Which city has the longest winter in the world?
In terms of size, where does the city of Bergen rank within Norway?
In what year did Edison invent the first lightbulb?
When did Mary Boleyn die?
What was the caste system in the Roman Empire?
As of 2019, how many World Cups has Germany won?
What was the best selling smartphone in 2018?
Where is Stephen Edelston's hometown?
Which animal was used for the largest number of fur coat production?
As of 2018, which country has the highest life expectancy?
How many plucentric languages are there?
What are the advantages of Tercio?
When did Zhuge Liang die?
What was the first country colonized by the United Kingdom?
When did the Samurai culture in Japan begin?
What is the lowest temperature that can be observed on Earth?
Who was the orchestrator of the Peter Bergmann case?
When was the father of Baroque music born?
What are the origins of astrology?
What is the largest city in Mongolia?
What is the tallest building in Yeosu?
What is the slogan for the United States of America?
How many airports are in Germany?
How is "Philosophy of mind" written in English?
Who was second president of Kingdom of Iberia?
Who invented computers for the first time?
Where is the largest prison in South Korea?
Which country in the Middle East had the highest GDP in 2018?
Where is the city hall in Ulsan?
Which city has the lowest poplulation density in Greece?
In which year was the first I-PARK apartment built?
What is the name of Kwonje's father?
In which year was Tablo born?
Which bank has the highest interest rate in South Korea?
Which country has the largest army?
When was Chae Byeong-deok born?
Which area has the most snow in the world?
Who is the founder of Microsoft?
When was the Independence of Korea?
How can stroke be treated?
Which city is the smallest in India?
Can metal conduct heat?
Who was the first designer of Chanel?
Which city has the most hospitals in South Korea?
What was George Orwell's alma mater?
What was the date of Hwang Jini's death?
How many consonants does Portuguese have?
Who was the fourth president of Russia?
When was the first Nintendo released?
Which area does Kanto Region refer to in present time?
How could one poke the body's temperature in a hot day?
Where is the Achilles tendon?
Which is the highest building belonging to an entertainment company in South Korea?
What is the biggest insect in the world?
Which is the smallest city in the Philippines?
Who designed the flag of the United Kingdom?
Where is the largest a marble quarry in the world?
Which laptop has the biggest semiconductor in the world as of May, 2019?
Which was the largest news media company in Japan in 2019?
Where does the equatorial Pacific start?
Who was the first performer of Noh?
Who is the current manager of the Uruguay national football team?
At what age did Jesus begin his public life?
In what year was the Bible first translated to Korean?
How many countries engaged in World War2?
Where is Cochinchina located?
Who was the first psychologist in South Korea?
What was the reason for choosing the capital city of Japan?
Who was the victim in the Peter Bergmann case?
In how many countries is same-sex marriage illegal as of 2019?
What is "born on the cusp"?
Who is the leader of Global Empire?
Who was the last king of Joseon?
How many club members do the Lotte Giants have?
What is the diameter of the atomic nucleus?
Who was the fifth emperor of Japan?
When did the Great Depression of the U.S. happen?
What is the relationship between Belial and Lucifer?
What is the largest law court in USA?
Which ocean is the largest in the world?
When did the First Industrial Revolution take place?
How many people purchased an iPhone in South Korea in 2018?
Who was the prime minister of Japan in 1991?
Is Cesena a city located in Emilia-Romagna in northen Italy?
How to write Tokugawa in Kana?
Who has the most jobs in the world?
When did the Virgin Mary die?
When did the day the American Declaration of Independence was signed become Independence Day?
What is the game that copied Diablo 2?
Which country invented the world's first tank?
What is the highest rank in India?
What is the fastest bird in the world?
What is the tallest building in Guangzhou?
Which country did Thompson start a company in?
As of May 2019, how long do you serve in the military in the Republic of Korea?
What year did Buddhism begin?
What is the abbreviation for the International Organization for Standardization?
How many countries are there on the African continent?
What is the most distant goal in professional soccer history?
Who is Austria's first president?
How many disciples did Jesus have in total?
What is the theme of Notting Hill?
When did Kim Dae-jung win the Nobel Peace Prize?
Where is the administrative center of Primorsky?
As of 2019, what is the most-viewed animated film?
What is the most watched sport in the United States in 2018?
Which state has the largest number of islands in Japan?
What is the hottest city in Australia?
When was the term quantum mechanics first introduced?
When did Yi Hwang die?
What is the largest city in England?
What are the characteristics of Western classical music?
What is the current population of Guandu?
What's the relationship between Albert Michelson and Edward Morley?
When was Dr. Who first broadcasted?
In 2018, how many alcohol addicts were there in South Korea?
How many copies of Kan Mi-youn's solo album were sold?
What is the Korean University Students Association's main purpose?
What is the biggest bridge in the world?
When is baseball player Shinjiro Hiyama's birthday?
How many provinces are there in Canada?
What number son of Hera is Hercules?
How big is Gangnam-gu in Seoul?
What kind of fruit is the logo of Beautiful Store?
When is Ralph Vaughan Williams birthday?
When did the Paleolithic period end?
What was the area of Joseon?
Which country has had the most civil wars in the world?
Is Ontario the largest state in Canada?
What is MTV's slogan?
How many years did it take to build Noah's ark?
Who owns the Hanwha Eagles?
Who is Colombia's current prime minister?
When did the French Revolution end?
What is the largest city in Kenya?
What is the biggest park in Gwangju?
How many countries have gained independence from Japan?
What is the name of the next era when the Meiji era comes to an end?
What is the biggest planet in the universe?
What is the nearest star that can be seen from Earth?
As of 2019, how many people have been buried in Hyeonchungsa Shrine?
How many countries are there on the continent of Africa?
Which movie has generated the most revenue in history?
Who was the first biologist to win the Nobel Prize?
Which country has the lowest birth rate in Asia as of 2019?
What was the tallest building in London as of 2018?
What was the best-selling book in the world in 2018?
Which high school did the person who created heuristic discovery method go to?
What was the longest strike in Korea as of May 2019?
What is sRGBB (r, g, b) of color green?
What is the sport with the longest playing time in the world?
Did King Seondeok die after designating a succesor?
How many types of sugars are there?
What is the homology of genes that have the same evolutionary origin in the speciation process?
How many units does the Republic of Korea Army consist of?
When did Singapore build Jewel Airport?
Who is the current chairman of the Council of Ministers in Italy?
Which country is Pessac in?
How many casinos are there in Korea?
What is the surface area of Manchuria?
How many types of martial arts are there?
Who is Asahi-hime, Hashiba Hideyoshi's wife?
What is the biggest fruit in the world?
When was Christianity first introduced in Japan?
What is the currency of Brunei?
How long does pain take to be passed to the brain?
Where is the government office building in Shanghai, China?
How many nuclear weapons does North Korea have?
At what temperature does nuclear fusion occur?
Where is Japan's largest green tea production?
6.25 How many families are separated from the Korean War?
How many ski resorts were there in Canada as of 2019?
Which country has the most number of treaties in the world?
Where is the capital of Denmark?
When is the foundation day of Cartoon Network?
What is the capital of England?
How many hurricanes occurred in the North Atlantic in 2016?
At what age did Cleopatra of Egypt die?
How many countries participated in World War II?
What is the surface area of ​​Hawaii in the United States?
In what countries is high school education mandatory?
When did the Syrian Civil War end?
Among organizations in the Unite States, which organization had the greatest power by 2019?
Which publisher published the highest number of books in Korea in 2018?
How many countries can you fly directly from South Korea?
How many new continents did Columbus discover?
What was the furthest home run in baseball history in 2019?
Which Japanese camera maker had the highest revenue in 2018?
How many islands are there in the United States?
What is the surface area of ​​Palbong-myeon?
How many technology high schools are in Korea?
Who discovered the magnetic field?
What is the smallest city in Germany?
What state does San Francisco belong to?
When was Numidia kingdom established?
What city was visited the most by tourists in Italy in 2018?
What is the refugee program in Korea?
What prison has the largest number of escaped prisoners in the world?
Who has held the emperor's position for the longest time in Japan?
When was the social security system first implemented in Germany?
What are the characteristics of the social recognition theory model?
What is the content of the new institution?
Who led the Battle of Gorangpo to victory?
What is the protein CAS number?
What is the nickname of Minamoto no Yoshitsune?
What is the most densely populated area in China?
How far is it from Earth to Venus?
Which Korean city has the most universities?
What country does not have democracy?
What is the language available for UNIX?
How many soldiers are there in Japan?
How many national parks are there in Poland?
How many port cities are there in Italy?
How many countries recognize Zionism as a national religion?
In what year did Typhoon Maemi occur?
How many perfect scores are there for all subjects in the 2018 College Scholastic Ability Test?
What is the highest-rated cartoon on the Cartoon Network as of 2019?
How is the president different from the head of state?
Who invented the calendar?
Is the Virgin Mary real?
Who is Choi Jin-sil's husband?
In how many seconds is a first impression made?
What is the highest sentence in the Miryang middle school girls rape incident?
Who is the philosopher who wrote the most works?
How many cities are there in Kanto province in Honshu, Japan?
What is the largest city in Ireland?
Who is the actor who received the highest salary in Hollywood in 2018?
How many employees are there in the Beautiful Store?
When did Jim Yong Kim's family move to the United States?
What is the first thing recorded in the Guinness Book of World Records?
What is the first movie made in the United States?
How many religions are there in Japan?
What is the biggest selling Greek and Roman mythology in Korea?
When did the Jackson 5 disband?
What is the tallest building on Wall Street?
What is the most sold smartphone in the world in 2018?
What is the largest university in Korea?
Who is the current president of South Africa?
What is the area of Lisbon?
Why did Um In-seop change?
Is yeast part of the fungus?
Where has the world experienced the most wars?
Which country has the largest number of slaves traded in the world?
How far is it from Paris to Seoul?
Who was the 30th President of the United States?
Who is the current president of Colombia?
As of May 2019, how many doctors are there in Britain?
How many kinds of animals live in the Amazon River?
What country uses Sanskrit now?
When was Dan Brouthers's first business trip?
When was Der Rosenkavalier's first performance?
How many states are in southern United States?
In DC Comics , what is the character that became very successful through movies?
When was Sipjiogyeongnon (or Treaties on Ten Buddhist Principles) designated as a cultural property of Gyeongsangnam-do Province?
Who is the Major League Baseball (MLB) player with the most home runs in 2017?
When did Russia intervene in the Syrian Civil War?
Why is radiation dangerous?
Can a diamond cut a mirror?
How many allies did North Korea have during the Korean War?
What is the tallest building in Rome?
When was Naver first founded?
Which country imported Nintendo the most?
Which company distributed movies the most as of 2019?
How many emperors were there, including the emperor in 201?
When was Social Democratic Party of Germany established?
Is there a ratio that cannot be expressed as a fraction?
In how many countries did the Vikings reside?
How many people were forced to change their full names during the Japanese colonial period?
Which side won in the Bosnian Civil War?
How long is the Sahara desert?
How many lakes are there in total in London?
In what year was Doom 1 released?
Which country was the top importer of South Korean semiconductors in 2018?
How many zoos are there in Asia?
What is the tallest building in Finland?
How many zoos are there in Poland?
Which island is hit with earthquakes the most in Japan?
What is the heaviest machine gun in the world as of 2019?
What is the area code of Pattaya City?
What is the oldest religion in history?
What is the capital of Greenland?
What is the tree whose roots go deepest?
What is the coldest country in the world?
Who is the father of all Greek and Roman gods?
What is the smallest country in Asia?
How many Ramly burgers are there in Malaysia?
How many states are there in the Dominican Republic?
What is the first subway that opened in Japan?
How many Korean players have won in the Paralympics until now?
What is the name of typhoon that cannot be used until now?
What is the oldest living tree in the world?
What is the biggest art museum in Japan?
Who was the first emperor of the Qing Empire?
When was the Japanese Howa Type 89 Assault Rifle first supplied?
What is the largest country in North America?
In what year did the publication of Star Wars start?
When did Poland become a member state of the European Union?
When was the fifth National Assembly of the Republic of Korea disbanded?
How many nuclear bombs does North Korea have?
When was Sungkyunkwan University founded?
How many wars have France gone through?
Which junior high school did Ashikaga Yoshinori graduate from?
What is the first form of transportation in the world?
How many calories are there in sugar?
What is the difference between Western classical music and Korean classical music?
What is the main objective of psychology?
What medical devices are required for general blood tests?
What are the armies that fought the Crusaders in the Siege of Damascus?
When did William I become king?
What is the first book that Epicurus wrote?
How many communist countries are there in 2019?
How old is Kim Yu-sik?
How many layers are there between space and Earth?
How long is Jupiter's orbital cycle?
How many sovereign states are there in the world?
Which country has produced the most philosophers?
What's the most expensive university in France?
What is the deepst point to be explored in human history?
How many countries use Persian as their national language?
What are environmental hormones?
Which musical has been performed the most in Korea as of 2019?
When did the Korean War end?
How much money did Ma Jae-yoon earn for match fixing?
What is the smallest country in Asia?
How many cathedrals are there in Italy?
What is the largest constellation seen from Earth?
When is Tomiichi Murayama's birthday?
What was the largest typhoon in the world?
What is the largest church in Hungary?
What state is the largest in the Three Kingdoms period of China?
What is the area of South Hamgyong?
How many elementary schools are there in France?
Who founded the Ming Dynasty?
How big is Boston?
Where is the largest university research institute in Korea?
What is the first tangible cultural site of the Seoul Metropolitan Government?
What is the first game Blizzard launched?
Which city has the most crimes in the world?
Which country first started astrology?
What is the fastest aircraft in the world as of 2019?
What is the religious belief of Jeung San Do?
Where does the Pope live?
How many people died in the Great Leap Forward movement?
When did Bloomingdales open?
When did the Siege of Kawagoe Castle begin?
What is the smallest satellite in the solar system?
What is the closest planet to Earth?
What are the vitamins in grape juice?
Who is the 2nd emperor of the Ming Dynasty?
How far is the moon from Earth?
Who is Mongolia's leader in 2019?
Who are the characters in Notting Hill?
What is the size of the Bengal plain?
Who was the first leader of Unified Silla?
What is the largest lake in London as of 2018?
When was Joseon invaded by Japan?
How many Mongolian language departments are there in Korea?
Why did the Chinese People's Republic of China and the United States have a trade war?
Why does the apple turn red?
What is the biggest city in China?
Which country in Northern Africa has the least population?
Who developed cloud computing?
What is the biggest coup in the world?
How much oxygen does a person need daily?
How many languages originated from the Chinese characters?
What is the slogan for the Kingdom of Venice?
When was the American statue of liberty completed?
Where was the first musical in history?
What are the advantages of continuously variable transmission?
What is the movie director Steven Spielberg's religion?
Which religion has the most number of worshipped gods?
Who is the current president of Argentina?
Is the energy efficiency in heat engine called heat efficiency?
When did Malaysia gain independence?
How big is the Amsterdam Cathedral?
What is the name of the room where the pope resides?
Who founded the first modern school in South Korea?
As of 2018, what is the value of a Toei Animation stock?
Who discovered Riesling?
Which game had the longest development time?
As of 2019, what is the largest whale in the world?
What country are the Celts from?
When is the Persian princess' birthday?
Does artificial conscience refer to A.I?
Where is Tibet located?
Who was the general from Joseon who led the Japanese invasions of Korea?
Why did the Creek War occur?
Where are the highest number of dinosaur fossils exhibited?
What language is spoken by the smallest amount of people in the world?
What is the biggest desert in the world?
What does Beile mean?
What is the largest painting from the Joseon dynasty?
What is the most non-reactive metal?
Who was the director of Drake and Josh?
What is the US special force?
Did the French Lumières movement begin prior to the French revolution?
Who was the 1st king of Poland?
In what year did Stalin die?
Where is Eero Haapalainen's grave located?
Does cotton come from sheep?
As of 2019, how many astrologists have received the Nobel Prize?
Who was the leader of France in 2019?
When was Zhang Yimou born?
How many days did the Stanford prison experiment last?
When were the Dodgers founded?
How many countries have lawfully restricted the use of plastic?
In what year did Eddy Guerrero die?
What is the largest dinosaur?
How many national parks are there in Italy?
In what state is the White House located?
What is the largest country in Southeast Asia?
When did East Francia collapse?
Which East Asian country has the longest baseball history?
Who was the 1st deputy prime minister of Germany?
How many countries are there on the continent of Africa?
Which country has the highest number of traditional dog breeds?
What is the oldest school in Japan?
Is the Big Bang Theory part of cosmology?
When did Charles XIV die?
Who invented the telephone?
Who discovered the magnets?
Who proposed Land Reformation for the first time?
How many cities are in the state of Pennsylvania?
Where is Ethiopia located?
When did Washington D.C. become a capital city?
What year did Lee Seung-gi make his debut?
Who was the second emperor of the Roman Empire?
Which country consumes the most beer per capita?
What is 24k gold worth?
Who is the person on the 10,000 won bill in Korea?
Who led the Protestant Church in Christianity?
What is the biggest international film festival in the world?
Where is Koreatown in Japan?
When did Arkansas join the American Federation?
What is the difference between nuclear and hydro power plants?
How many grams does an official football weigh?
How many elements are there in the Periodic Table of Elements?
Which company has the most franchises in the world?
What is the novel that has been made into the most movies?
Who was the first person to build a semiconductor?
What is the final navy rank of Pierre André de Suffren de Saint Tropez?
When was Xbox 1 first launched?
What was the average life span of the Tyrannosaurus?
What is the area of Weimar?
What is the national anthem of the United Kingdom?
In which country did Christianity originate?
When did BitTorrent start its service?
When was Italy founded as a republic?
How many people live in Scandinavia?
Which state is the most advanced in agriculture in the United States?
Who is the seventh president of the United States?
Who composed the first symphony?
How many secondary schools are there in India?
What is the biggest church in Korea in 2019?
How many cranial nerve centers are there in Korea in 2019?
What is the longest bridge in the world?
What is the largest river in China?
Who was the Dutch leader during the Dutch War of Independence?
What is the biggest racetrack in the world?
When did Cambodia join the UN?
What is the concept of the independence movement?
Who is the current president of Microsoft?
What is the oldest high school in Korea?
What is the most densely populated area in the UK?
When did Jan Hus become a cleric?
What is the stone made by the solidification of volcanic material?
Who was the leader of Italy in 1943?
What's the diameter of Maffei 1?
When is Nixon's death date?
Who is Japan's last Shogun?
How many types of drugs are used for medical purposes?
How many consonants are there in Korean?
What is Kafka's last work?
Can I eat the liver of a cow?
What is the area of Yunnan Province?
What is the first online game in Japan?
What is the most common surname in Korea?
In what country did the main building system start?
How many syndromes have been proven as of 2019?
What is the area of Australia?
What is the largest hospital in the world?
Who was the leader of the Provisional Government of the Republic of Korea?
When did Kālidāsa die?
What is the mass of Rigel?
In what year was the juvenile law in South Korea revised?
Where did the Declaration of Independence come from?
When did the name change from Joseon to the Korean Empire?
How many hours did the first inter-Korean summit last in 2018?
What does Dennis Keith Rodman's father do?
Which country invented the television?
What are the basics of neuropsychology?
Who made the first celestial telescope?
Which country has the most same-sex marriages?
Who's the 1st shikken?
When was Qidan established?
When was anthropology most advanced?
Who was the first to measure the speed of light?
What is the first work written by the founder of social biology?
How far is it from Hungary to Germany?
Who is the leader of Brazil in 2019?
What is the distance between Rome and Barcelona?
What is the sea where the Japanese Invasion of Korea took place?
Who was the founder of the Nazis?
When did Ngo Dinh Diem die?
Which country was the first to operate a nuclear power plant?
As of May 2019, what is the cheapest ramen?
What is the cost of building a command center in StarCraft 1?
What is the biggest carriage in history?
Is the EU and the Schengen Agreement relevant?
When did Korean professional baseball start?
When did ancient Rome fall?
How long did the Baekuisa exist?
How to find mass?
How many counties are there in Massachusetts?
What year was The Old Man and the Sea written in?
What year was Hyundai Heavy Industries founded?
Who wrote the most songs among the Arctic Monkeys?
Which natural disasters that have caused the most casualties in the world as of 2019?
Who invented the algorithm?
What is the area of France?
How much gold did you collect during the IMF campaign?
What is the hottest planet in the solar system excluding the sun?
Which country produced the largest number of fighter jets in 2018?
What year did Toyotomi Hideyoshi die?
When is John Reynolds' birthday?
What year did the Titanic happen?
When was Cyber Hankuk University of Foreign Studies established?
Who was the predecessor of King Seongdeok?
Who announced the new atomic model in 1856?
When was the European Central Bank established?
Who wrote the most books in the Old Testament?
Which country is San Andreas a part of?
What is the biggest bullet in the world as of 2019?
What is the most sacred animal in India?
Episode 6: Who is the main character in the Jedi movie?
Which army won the Jinxin Rebellion?
What is Wong Fei-hung's political party?
Who is ASEAN's current general secretary?
What is the ICD-9 code for visual hallucination?
What is the biggest train in the world?
How many Korean Bibles have been sold by 2019?
How many subway lines are there in Japan?
When did Pope Urban come down?
Who is Dr. Slump's Japanese publisher?
Is orgasm related to the erotogenic zone?
How many orthodox Hindu philosophies are there?
In which cities did North Korea advance most in the Korean War?
What is loading dose?
When did Maeda Toshiie die?
When was Nike founded?
When was the Imperial Society established?
How many battles has Finland fought in history?
Which province in China has the highest population density?
What is the tallest building in Daegu?
Do the Galilean moons or Galileo satellites refer to the four satellites that Galileo Galilei discovered around Jupiter in 1610?
In what year was Daiso founded?
Which city in France has the highest population density?
Why did Germany invade Europe?
What does Soyuz mean?
How many republics were on Earth as of 2019?
Where is the White House?
Which automakers generated the most revenue in 2018?
What is the largest park in Japan?
Who is Jang Song-thaek's spouse?
When was Mozilla founded?
When was Joseon founded?
When using infrared for the first time?
What is the content of the "Public Affairs Case at 25:00"?
Which city in Philippines has the highest population density?
When did Ancient Greece fall?
What was the GDP per capita of San Francisco in 2018?
When was the first release date of Majang Kisin?
Which car was sold the most in Japan in 2018?
Which city is the biggest in England?
Which actor starred in the most movies in Hollywood?
Where did the word algorithm come from?
What does Ebola mean?
What city in Norway has the highest population density?
What is the largest lake in France?
Where is the capital of Scotland?
Who invented the first book?
Which animal has the largest brain in the world?
What does Marigot mean in Thailand?
What caused Huang Chao Rebellion?
What was the world's largest pharmaceutical company as of 2019?
Which country invented the world's first tank?
Did Rome win the Punic Wars?
Which laptop had the largest monitor in the world as of 2019?
What is the educational background of Campeonato Brasileiro Serie A?
Who was the first king of ancient Egyptian civilization?
In what year did Yoo Gong make his debut?
What is Walter Scott's third historical novel?
When was the capital of Australia decided?
How many islands are there in the Atlantic Ocean?
Which country has the most nuclear weapons in the world in 2019?
2018 Which country has the lowest GDP in Asia?
Who invented the first beer?
When was Terrence Dunn Long's first baseball game?
Where was Siddhartha 's hometown?
What is the landmass of Central Asia?
How wide is Hungary from east and west?
How many DNA does the human body have?
What is the best-selling novel in Malaysia in 2015?
What is the tallest building in Changwon?
Which Japanese city had the largest number of Koreans visitors during 2018?
How high is Bulgaria from sea level?
How many countries have been divided then reunified in history?
What is the motto of the United Nations?
What is the color of wolf' back?
What is the tallest building in Germany?
When did the Soviet Union collapse and become Germany?
How many countries are there in Southwest Asia?
What is the highest mountain in Europe?
What is the second largest island in Japan?
In how many countries is prostitution illegal?
How many people defected from North Korea in 2018?
For which diseases has mankind developed the cure?
Who did Prince Harry of England marry?
How many editions of the Sonic series have been released by 2019?
In which country did Hitler die?
Which animal produces the most squalene?
Why did Japan declare surrender in World War II?
Which country has the most churches in the world?
When was Beethoven born?
When is Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano's birthday?
How many children does Gandhi have?
How long did Richard Sorge serve in the German army?
Where is the smallest laboratory in the world?
Who founded Kaiserslautern?
Where does Japan rank in terms of the spending in defense in 2018?
What is Japan's GDP in 2018?
How many catholic churches are there in Korea as of June 2019?
When was Russia founded?
What is artificial intelligence?
In which university did the institutional honor code originate from?
What is the largest ocean in the world?
What is the finest particle in the world?
How much is the UN peacekeeping budget for 2018?
Which country has the largest army in the world?
What is the most sold mystery novel in history?
What is the most imported crop in Korea in 2018?
Who was the general who led the army of Joseon during the Manchu Invasion?
Which city is the capital of Brazil?
How big is the land mass of South Asia?
Who is the CEO of Hanwha Construction?
Who first invented the hydraulic press?
Who is the philosopher who produced the most hypotheses in the world?
Who was the king of the Epharos Kingdom in A.D. 207?
Was the Korean novelty exempt from military service?
What was the population of Cordoba in 2018?
Where did Einstein die?
Which country won baseball in Beijing Olympics?
What is the largest wheel in the world?
Which biologist won the Nobel Prize for the first time?
In US history, who is the youngest criminal who received a life sentence?
How many space stations were sent from the Earth in 2019?
What is the pen name of novelist Jin-Gun Hyun?
How many university hospitals were in South Korea in 2019?
How many express bus terminals were in South Korea in 2019?
What is the highest grossing musical in the world?
From where did the idea of equalitarianism spread?
What year did Ja-Gyum Lee die?
Who is the philosopher that has published the most essays in Germany?
What is the current 2019 class system in the UK?
Which company developed the game Kirby's Dream Land?
What is Genghis Khan's hometown?
In history, who is the person who acted as a regent for the longest time?
As of May 2019, which country had the most fighter planes?
How many states is the UK divided into?
Is it possible to study matters without using mathematical functions?
Who was the leader of Netherland in 1917?
When was NASA established?
What is the world's most expensive gas?
In 2018, what insurance in South Korea had the most number of people join?
What changes happened in Russia after World War 1?
What country is the first pope from?
When will this country fall?
What is the smallest firsh in the world?
At what age did Toyotomi Hideyoshi die?
What actor won the first Oscar?
What was the largest fortune telling house in South Korea in 2019?
How many ethnic Koreans with Chinese citizenship were living in South Korea in 2019?
What is the size of the Korean peninsula?
What is the longest verse in the Bible?
What city is Meary School in?
In history, who is the person that served as pope the longest?
What is the largest animal?
What do you call radiation that doesn't ionize?
What country is Bill Burr from?
What is the land area of Luzon?
What is the background of how the Satsuma Rebellion started?
How many countries have been divided then reunified in history?
What is the largest soccer field in France?
What are the main functions of the penalty enforcement division?
What is the first professional sports team that David Allen Johnson coached?
How many cities are there in Canada?
Which Chinese city has the lowest population density?
Who is the sculptor that made Jean Calvin's bronze statue?
Who was the US president in 1991?
Who is the pianist that composed the most number of songs in history?
What country has the most number of pediatric hospitals?
What is the highest mountain in China?
How many episodes of the Infinite Challenge aired?
In 2018, what was the oldest airline currently in operation?
What is the largest typhoon to hit South Korea from 2000 to 2019?
How many countries have US military stations?
When was linen developed in Egypt?
What is the largest city in Paraguay?
What is the population of Seoul?
Where is NASA headquarters located?
What is the smallest town in South Korea?
When was the Tang dynasty founded?
How many elementary schools are there in Ulsan as of 2019?
Which animal has the largest number of cells in the world?
Which country is the latest country to allow same sex marriage?
What is the altitude of mount Jiri?
When is Chinese philosopher Cheng Yi's birthday?
How many times was Japan colonized?
Where did the name Maria originate from?
How many mountains are in Argentina?
What is the capital of Romania?
Which actor starred in the most number of Hollywood films?
How do you write Chikuma in Chinese characters?
When did the subway line F in New York first operate?
How many universities are in England?
How many gods appear in the Greek mythology?
What is the surface area of the oceans?
Which country imported the largest number of iPhones in 2018?
Which South Korean car was the most exported car in 2018?
As of 2019, how many countries have gone to war against Philippines?
What city has the lowest population density in Japan?
When is Napoleon's birthday?
What is the biggest wall in the world?
What is Shinano's vessel name?
When was Russia founded?
How many Nordic nations are in Northern Europe?
When did commissioner Jaegi Sung die?
Which actor appeared in the highest number of Hollywood movies?
Who propsed the theory of evolution?
Who was the king of France in year 400?
At what age did Platon die?
As of 2019, which country possesses the largest number of warships?
What party was John Calvin affiliated to?
Which country harvested sugar cane for the first time?
Who was the architect of the Millenium Stadium?
What country is the largest among the members of the European Union?
When was the Constitution of the United States reformed?
What is the secondary source of energy?
What is the largest country in Africa?
When did the Meiji period begin?
To what clan did Imagawa Sadayo belong to?
Which general has the highest number of victories during the Three Kingdoms period?
What is the importance of psychology?
In what country was the World Council of Churches formed?
As of 2019, which American animation has generated the highest revenue?
What was the largest protest in South Korea?
As of 2019, what magnitude was the largest earthquake?
How can we externally obtain melatonin?
How big is Hoi An?
Who was the first recipient of the Manhae prize?
When was Richard Dawkins born?
Which nation was the biggest during the Three Kingdoms period?
Where did the 2nd World War begin?
How high was the radioactivity level in Hiroshima in 2018?
How many solderis were in People's Volunteer Army?
How do you say food in Japanese?
In what year was Toyota founded?
What is the first professional football league in Brazil?
Who was the Prime Minister of Japan in 1998?
As of May 2019, how many countries are U.S. troops stationed in?
How many songs in Korea have been ruled for plagiarism?
How many countries participated in the The Battle of Inchon?
How far is it from the Netherlands to England?
Who established the concept for Big Data?
Who is the head of The Korea Press Consumerism Organization in 2018?
What kind of research does a physicist do?
How many employees were there at Hanwha Construction in 2015?
What is the longest musical in the world?
What is the longest musical in the world?
Which teams made it to the 2004 UEFA Champions League final?
Who is the author of the Super Robot Taisen Gaiden: Masou Kishin?
What is the longest public holidays in the world?
What is the first work by Randall Munroe?
How many episodes were The Vampire Diaries?
What is the tallest building in Mexico?
Where is Seongho Yi Ik's hometown?
What is the biggest airport in the world?
Is the fungus toxic?
Which family did the grand generals of Heian period belong to?
Which country produces the most milk?
How many survivors were there from the Titanic?
When was the first time the theory of philosophical naturalism appeared?
How many elementary schools are there in Ireland?
What is the first subway in history?
What is the longest book in the Bible?
What is the largest counterterrorism unit in 2019?
How many Arabian numbers are there?
Who was the first president of Sweden?
When was Hyojong's birthday?
Where did the word algorithm come from?
Where was Martin Luther's hometown?
What is the highest mountain in North Korea?
Who was the first engineer to make artificial textiles possible?
Which museum displays the most works by Rubens?
Does S in Stg44 stand for Sturm which means "attack"?
In what year did Benedict Arnold join the U.S. Army?
How big is the size of the Primorsky?
What is the average minimum height to join a basketball team in the United States?
How many violent criminals were arrested in the United States in 2019 by genetic testing?
What is the average size of lepidosaurs?
When did Japan's professional baseball league start?
Until 2019, what is the natural disaster that had caused the greatest casualties in history?
How many grades are the elementary school in Korea?
Which Japanese high school had the most professional baseball players until 2019?
What is the instant noodles made by the celeb Lee Kyung-kyu?
In what year was the Ice Cream phone released?
How many tourists visited Paris in 2018?
How many wives did Wang Geon have?
What does TCG mean?
What is the largest city in Greece?
When did Bacon die?
How old is the Japanese emperor in 2019?
How many members are there in Papa Roach?
What is unit 3 in the astronomical unit conversion?
What is the longest soap opera in the world?
What is the smallest country in the world?
How many volumes is the comic book "Cheese in the Trap" consisted of?
When did China join the UN?
How many schools were founded in Joseon by foreign missionaries?
When did the Edo period end?
What does duce mean?
Which city produced the most American presidents?
Who is the greatest god in Japanese mythology?
Why did the Yuan and Goryeo alliance fail to invade the Japanese islands?
What is the largest artificial satellite in the universe?
How many professional baseball teams are there in Italy?
Who came up with the hegemonic stability theory?
What is the largest stone fortress in Korea?
How many middle schools are there in Greece?
How do you write religion in Chinese characters?
Who was the 15th president of the Republic of Korea?
What happened to Kim Ok-gyun following the Gapsin Coup?
When was Korea University founded?
Who was the first Prime Minister of Japan?
What is the plot of "To Kill a Mockingbird"?
What is the difference between a cell and a cell line?
What was the most imported foreign automobile in South Korea in 2018?
What is the binomial name of the African buffalo?
What is the largest instrument in the world?
Which island has the most universities in Japan?
Who was the president of the Republic of Korea in 1980?
What was the name of the eldest child of King Taejo?
What is the smallest dinosaur?
What is the royal house of Sweden in 2018?
What is the oldest publisher in the United States?
Why did Park Young-hyo and Kim Ok-gyun require protection?
When is the birthday of Louis the Stammerer?
What century B.C.E. did Buddhism originate?
What is the official religion of Thailand?
How many dinosaur egg fossils are there in the world?
Which district has the highest population density in Seoul?
What is the largest organization that teaches astrology?
When was Forbes magazine founded?
How many countries are there in Southeast Asia?
When is the birthday of Park Geun-hye?
How do we speak algorithms in Arabic?
Does density functional theory have any use in everyday life?
How many colors does light have?
Who is the current governor of the state of Arizona?
How many rivers are there in Vienna?
When did the Sui dynasty unify China?
What is the fastest rotating planet in the solar system?
How many nuclear power plants are there in Korea?
What is the longest home run ever hit?
How many Asian popes have been there in history?
Has Lee Hoi-chang ever been elected as president?
When did Korean professional baseball start?
What is the longest train in Japan?
Which country won the Seminole Wars?
How many pages is Nanjung Diary in total?
How does salt affect the melting point of the liquid?
When is the cause of Hulda Clark's death?
Who was the king of the Kingdom of Germany during the Holy Roman Empire?
What is the founding myth of Japan?
What is the largest city in Texas?
How many islands does England consist of?
What is the biggest theater stage in the world?
Where is the largest country in Central Asia?
Who was the first monarch of the Romanov dynasty?
Which company made the largest donation in the world in 2018?
Who took the most blood transfusions in Korea in 2018?
What is the average annual temperature in Taiwan?
When did Napoleon die?
What is the most used medicine in the world in 2018?
Why did Germany slaughter Jews?
As of 2019, what is the longest series of films in history?
Who owns the most copyrights?
What is the best social welfare system?
What is the smallest state in America?
What is the smallest state in Japan?
What year did Kim Si-jin start baseball?
Who first said the phrase argument from ignorance?
What country are the Celts from?
What is the capital of Bulgaria?
How many uniforms are there in the world?
What is the area of the Dnieper River?
Which company made the most games in 2019?
Who is the model in the most commercials in 2018?
Who is Park Ji-e's father?
Where is the headquarters of Naver?
Where is Masan station?
What caused World War II?
What is the least densely populated country in Southeast Asia?
What is chemistry in English?
What country was founded by Yi Seong-gye?
What was the first car developed in Korea?
What is the largest church in the world?
What is the oldest church in the world?
What are the trees in Gyeonggi Province?
How many temples are there in Korea as of 2019?
Where is Kyujanggak located?
What is the first dinosaur fossil found in history?
What is the biggest star in the solar system?
What is the largest orthopedic surgery group in Korea?
What is the currency of Greece?
Did the First Republic of France last until someone was sworn in as emperor?
How many NGOs are there in the world?
What is the name of the race?
Who was president for the shortest time in the Republic of Korean history?
When was AIDS first discovered?
What are Seljuq Turks?
What countries helped the Soviet Union during the Cold War?
What is the world's largest equestrian range?
Who is the current coach of the Italian national soccer team?
When were dinosaur fossils first discovered?
Who was the oldest king in Joseon?
How many times have the Indochina Wars been fought?
When did prehistoric times end?
What region in the world gets the most hurricanes?
As of June 2019, how many express buses are in South Korea?
In history, what country was able to overthrow colonization the quickest?
What area in India has the lowest population density?
What's the first game developed by CING?
What is the largest river in China?
When is Roger Bacon's birthday?
What is the largest building in Germany?
How many Japanese armed soldiers invaded South Korea during the Japanese Invasion of Korea in 1592?
When was Roman law made?
What is a talent that only humans have?
Where is Joseph Voice's hometown?
What standards differentiate between hypernova and supernova?
In history, what battle was surrendered the quickest?
What Buddhist temple is located the highest in South Korea?
In how many countries is the president the commander in chief of the army?
What is the top baseball league?
What country in the world has the shortest history since it was founded?
In history, how many countries has England colonized?
In what year did China become a communist country?
In what year did they begin including weather forecasts in the news?
What is the designated number of Andong Hahoe Village's national traditional cultural property?
What was Canada's best-selling novel in 2015?
What is the time difference between South Korea and Canada?
Who is the founder of Lotte Orions?
How many countries participated in Yugoslavia's civil war?
Where is the world's largest dockyard?
What episode of Doctor Who had the highest viewership through 2019?
Who was the president of Romania in 2019?
When did Bill Evans die?
What country has the highest population of Christians?
How many tallest buildings are in France?
What incident caused humans to invent numbers?
Who made the gun law in the US?
What weapon used in World War 2 caused the most casualties?
What are the geographic coordinates of Germany?
What is the biggest prison in Korea?
Who was the first president of France?
What is the oldest university in England?
How many countries are in Europe?
What is the largest terminal in the world?
When did the Yuan Dynasty end?
Where is Manny's birthplace?
Which country has the highest GDP in the world as of 2018?
When did Homer write the Odyssey?
When did the Qing Empire being?
Why did the Yugoslav civil war break out?
Who is the founder of Capcom?
Who first started Wiki?
Who invented Amazon?
What is the highest bridge in Stockholm?
What is the body's rate of response to mirror neurons?
How do you write epistemology in English?
Can animals dance?
Who was the President of the United States in 1982?
What is the country that imported the most semiconductors in 2018?
What is the biggest space station in the world?
In what year was Dr. Who first aired?
In what year did Ilhan New die?
What is the largest aquarium in the world?
What is the ICD-10 code for post-traumatic stress disorder?
How many cities are there in Illinois?
Who is the author who won the Pulitzer Prize in 2017?
Who designed the Mega Man?
How many wars did Iraq wage as of 2019?
What is the most populous country in East Asia?
In what year did Kim Jong-il die?
Who established the concept of fractions?
Who is the person who proved the law of inertia?
What is the land area of China?
What is the chemistry of nicotine?
Is Odysseus real?
Who was the first king of the Achaemenid Empire?
What's the weight of Mew?
What formula is required to calculate the mass of a ship?
What is the definition of achievement goal theory?
What is the effect of pilates?
When did the Renaissance end?
When did Peter the Great ascend the throne?
What are the geographical coordinates of Illinois?
Who was the first to invent electronic music?
When was Isaac Newton born?
What is the best-selling novel in the United States?
How much does an owl weigh on average?
When did the Beatles make their debut in England?
Who was the longest-serving leader in Chinese history as of 2019?
In what year was MLB founded?
How much is the area of the Han River in Korea?
Who is the current president of the Philippines?
What is the biggest selling board game in the world as of 2019?
Which Canadian city has the most universities as of 2019?
What was the first movie to be shown in a theater in Korea?
Who was the 1st Shogun?
What is the most used medicine in the world in 2018?
Who was the first king of the Silla Dynasty?
When did the Philippines declare their independence?
What is the difference between Small-Sinocentrism and Sinocentrism?
Who was the predecessor of Isabella I of Castile?
When did Egypt declare its independence as a constitutional monarchy?
How many cities are there in Gyeonggi-do Province?
Who first invented the metal detector?
Which is the most densely populated city in Austria?
Are the Tenpo reforms considered as one of the three main reformations of the Edo period?
Where is the capital of Greece?
How many religions prohibit people from eating pork?
How many countries have accepted Catholicism as their state religion?
Why did George Orwell write the Animal Farm?
Who is the sitting president of Italy?
When was AdBlock developed?
In Asia, which country has the most population of Buddhists?
When did Rock music first appear in the United States?
Can you eat a watermelon sliced in cube?
In May of 2019, how many universities are there in Germany?
How often does the World Championship in Athletics take place?
What is the longest chivalrous novel in the world?
Who invented BitTorrent?
Booker T. When did Booker T. Washington marry his second wife?
Until 2019, which album of Buzz, a Korean band, has been sold the most?
In human history, what was the first treaty ever to be signed?
What is the flag of East Germany?
How many rivers are there in China?
In 2019, how many unofficial countries are there?
Who first discovered the X-ray?
What is the smallest muscle in the human body?
In Korea, which soccer team is the oldest?
In what year was chickenpox first discovered?
In East Han, how many emperors were there before Emperor Zhang of Han?
Among solid, liquid, and gas, which state has the highest thermal conductivity?
In what year was Jesus born?
When was philosophy most developed?
How many countries regard rice as their staple food?
What is the longest mountain range in the world?
What is the largest city in Spain?
In what period was the Hwaeomsa Temple built?
What are the 'purchase of land with pay' and 'distribution of land with pay' in land reformation?
How many Secretaries of State were there before Hillary Clinton?
How many administrative districts are there in Paris?
Who did the sitting prime minister of France marry?
What is 'greenhouse gas' in English?
What can you earn from astrology?
When is the release date of Starcraft II?
How many people are infected with AIDS from the Jindo AIDS scandal?
Who is the fourth chairman of Korea?
When did the ruling for the September 11 attacks take place?
What is the tallest statue in France?
Who is the president of Samsung C&T Corporation?
Is Postal III a single-player game?
How many species of animals have their brain separated into two?
Who is the first Muslim mathematician?
When is the dedication day for Sagrada Familia?
When is the X-ray wave used?
What is the national anthem of Somalia?
What is the average acidity of Riesling?
How many Korean actors appeared in the <Lost>?
What is the biggest house in London in 2018?
When was Confucianism introduced to Joseon?
As of 2019, which translator has translated the most number of books?
How many followers of Hwaumjong are there is South Korea?
What the the best selling Toyota car in 2018?
Who invented poetry?
What is the distance from Japan to France?
As of 2019, which keyboard has the most characters/letters?
What is the GDP in Burundi per capita in 2018?
How many casualties were there in the Normandie battle?
When was the European Union established?
What is the name of the trial that judged Nazi war crimes in Germany?
What is the largest investment and securities company in South Korea?
Which animal has the highest life expectancy?
When was the socialist party established in Switzerland?
As of 2019, which physicist has authored the most number of studies?
When was Karl Marx born?
Among the officials of the Korean Empire, how were Gyemong activists?
In terms of river size, where does the Han river rank?
In what city is the Gwangyo mountain located?
What is a doctrine?
Where is the largest dinosaur fossil restoration located?
In terms of land mass, where does India rank?
What is the largest psychic and astrology center in South Korea?
Where did Buddhism originate?
How many railroad companies are in Japan?
How do you write politica economy in Chinese characters?
Who is the founder of Hansin Tigers?
How old was Augustus when he rules the Roman empire?
How many pages are in the bible?
What country does Microsoft belong to?
Who was the 1st king of Egypt?
What is the fastest subway in the world?
What is the biggest church in Jerusalem?
What catus has the deepest roots?
What was the first movie made in the United States?
What is the official language of Finland?
What is the capital of Lithuania?
What is the most produced charge pistol?
What is the biggest animal in South Korea?
In terms of nation financial power, where does Germany rank in 2018?
How many members are currently using Facebook?
What is the value of the astronomical value?
In what city is the Korea University located?
When is the Japanese Emperor's birthday?
How many elementary schools are in Italy?
What is the D013313 code for post traumatic stress disorder?
What does organum mean?
How many pages does the Bible have?
What does the acronym GPGPU stand for?
When did the Tang dynasty collapse?
When did Province die?
How many stationsry satellites are there?
How many countries participated in the 1st World War?
When did the lead vocal of N.EX.T die?
When was the father of psychology born?
When was the Darwin award first introduced?
When was Soul Connections formed?
In what year did Oliver Kahn join professional football league?
Which country has the most number of murder hornets?
Why was Yakyong Jeong called Dasan?
In which city is the embassy of the Republic of Korea in Japan located?
What is the scientific name of the common carp?
What is the total number of spectators in 2002 after 28 days?
Who is the first person to be named in the Guinness Book of Records in the United States?
Is aluminum a reactive element?
Who is the current president of Egypt?
Which country has the highest number of assaults?
When did the Turkish 23rd general election take place?
What is the most populated city in the world?
What is the name of the company that first published an encyclopedia?
When was the Black Death eradicated?
What is the meaning of the word "jong" in the Korean word for religion "jong-gyo?"
When did the 4th industrial revolution start?
At what age did Jesus start his public life?
Where Stalingrad's country?
Which vegetable has the highest amount of calories in the world?
What is the area of Eurasia?
In history, how many countries waged war against the Tang Dynasty?
When did Psy debut in South Korea?
Which country did the Roman Catholic Church first expand to?
What is the official language of Belgium?
Who is the current governor of Jeju Island?
Which country has the highest altitude in Asia?
Which country has the most number of indie bands?
When was the Democratic Party of Korea established?
Who first invented Lego?
What is the capital of western Rome?
When was the ENIAC developed?
What is the hometown of Yang Hak-Seon?
When did Japan's earthquake-resistant design begin?
As of 2018, who owns Rolex?
Which country has the most number of fighter jets?
Which medicine saved the most number of lives as of 2019?
Who first used the term bioclassification?
How many DNAs does a human have?
What is the largest library in Japan?
Is there a correlation between the Phlogiston Theory and the Chemical Revolution?
What is the difference between qualitative data and big data?
What is the longest runway in the world?
Who first proposed the idea of a static universe that remains constant indefinitely?
When was Korea's UPbit founded?
In which year was Hollywood founded?
Who is the mayor of Daegu in 2019?
What is the safest country in the world?
Which country in Asia had the highest GDP in 2018?
Which party did Gamal Abdel Nasser belong to?
What is the fastest animal in the world?
Which country is the largest producer of natural gas?
What is the most common surname in the United States of America?
What is the oldest religion in history?
How many stations does the LRT in Kuala Lumpur have?
What is the largest ethnic group in the world?
When was China's Huawei established?
What did Rojas major in?
What is the geographic coordinate of the state of North Rhine-Westphalia?
Where is the Buddhist scripture Sipjiogyeongnon (or Treaties on Ten Buddhist Principles)?
What is the capital of Palestine?
What are the origins of Gamelan?
When did Henry V die?
What is the retirement age of government workers?
During the Japanese invasion, how many generals did Korea have?
When was the Hubble telescope launched to the Earth's orbit?
How lany subway lines are there in Canada?
What was the first book written by Vittorio Hosle?
What is the national anthem of Brazil?
What is the surface are of Canada?
Which country has the talles average height?
Who was the founder of East Japanese Railroad?
How many animals communicate using ultrasound?
Does Hungary have a continental climate?
What is the biggest animal in the world?
What is the tallest building in Yeouido?
Was the Sputnik 3 launched successfully?
Who is the current president of Russia?
What country was the first to implement communism?
What is the largest snake in the world?
How long was the first Japanese emperor in power for?
When was the blue iguana first discovered?
How many adjectives are in the Korean language?
What is the largest city in the world?
What country are the Rand Miller brothers from?
When was the Major League inaugurated?
In kilometers, what is the diameter of the moon?
When did the French football team make its first World Cup appearance?
Which British city has the largest land area?
What are the accomplishments of Bonaventure?
What is the capital of the European Union?
Historically, how many leaders have military backgrounds?
Which French city has the lowest population density?
Which team has the most number of League of Legends world championships?
When did Hong Kong gain independence?
How many airports are in Japan?
Can lung cancer be cured?
When is emperor Jito's birthday?
What country did the Celtics belong to?
How long does the Swan Lake ballet song last for?
What number is printed on Wayne Rooney's jersey?
In what year what Duksoo palace completed?
When was Masan Nambu Intercity Bus Terminal established?
What is the tallest building in Sungnam?
Where is the largest prison in the world located?
What percentage of Earth's surface is occupied by forests?
How many parks are in South Korea?
When was the German democratic party established?
Who used amnesty for the first time?
How many countries failed gaining independence after Indo-Chinese War?
How many countries formed the allies in the 2nd World War?
When did Louis II the German die?
What is the national anthem of Portugal?
What is the largest river in Laos?
What does dialectics symbolize in sociology?
Where is Stephan Phillips' hometown?
What are the coordinates of Morocco?
Which artificial language was the first to be included in the dictionaries?
What is Jupiter's reflectivity?
How many elementary schools are in Peru?
Which cathedral is the oldest in the world?
What is the land area of Mohyeon-myeon?
Which country had the most number of homeless as of 2018?
What is the establishment date of Korea Football Association?
Which bridge is the largest in Italy?
What was the official language of the Cycladic civilization?
How many countries did Napoleon seize?
What is the number of alphabet letters used in mathematics?
Which book is the longest book in the bible?
Who was the president of South Korea in 1788?
Which flood caused the most property damage as of 2019?
Which country in the world produces the most toothpaste?
What virtual reality game was the first ever launched?
How many songs did Elvis Presley compose as of 2019?
Which pianist wrote the largest number of symphonies?
Which country in the world released the most number of animations?
Who is the chairman of Yomiuri TV?
On what date did Yuan Shikai pass away?
How many countries make up eastern Europe?
When is the birthday of Charles Leonard Gehringer?
When was beer first discovered?
What building was the first to be built in the Mongol Empire?
What evidence points to the existence of dracotaurs?
How many animal species live by eating plankton?
What was the population of India as of 2018?
When was the Nobel Prize first established?
How many animal species live in the Amazon River?
When did the lead vocal of N.EX.T die?
Which guitar was the most expensive in the world as of May 2019?
What is the hometown of Naruto and Sasuke?
Which is the smallest city in Poland?
When was the Republic of Liberia established?
Who is the founder of Oakland International Airport?
How many countries are in the same time zone as Ireland?
Who was the leader of Greece as of 2019?
What weapon in history caused the largest number of casualties as of 2019?
What do you call a star system where three or more stars are bound by gravitational attraction?
Who was the first Korean baseball player to play in Major League Baseball?
What is the longest mathematical formula that was proven as of 2019?
When is the birthday of Wang Yanzhang?
Which beach is the longest in China?
Is there an organism that was born through genetic modification?
Which movie had the most commercial success in South Korea as of 2019?
When did the Battle of Pydna occur?
What is the age of Jupiter?
Who is the father of Justitia, the goddess of justice?
Which author in history wrote the most number of books as of 2019?
How many infielders are in a baseball team?
Which animal has the highest life expectancy?
When is the the birthdate of Conrad I?
What types of vaccinations are given in early childhood in South Korea?
Which country in history existed for the shortest amount of time?
Which country in the world had the most number of earthquakes as of 2018?
In what year was LG Chem established?
What is the number of theological universities in the UK?
Which company manages the Wikipedia?
The Joseon Dynasty, which was Korea's greatest period of scientific advancements, lasted for how long?
Among Japanese anime, what is the anime that recorded the most income?
What are the essential nutrients that the human body needs?
How many Itanium Cores are there?
What is the nation of the multiethnic country Bolivia?
Avicenna's age when he first became a scholar?
What is the smallest country in Southeast Asia?
Approximately what is the population density of Tohoku?
When was squalene first discovered?
How much was the monetary amount of the property damage in the Philippines due to the 2011 typhoon?
When were the Olympics most recently held in Athens?
What is the religion that deifies the Holy Mother Mary?
When was Chrome established?
What is the article that had the highest number of subscribers among the media related to science in 2018?
What is carbon dioxide made of?
What is the planet with the strongest gravity?
Where is the biggest solar power station in the world?
Which country was the top importer of South Korean semiconductors in 2018?
Was Hungary victorious in the Battle of Mohács?
What was the first Roman Catholic church in history?
How many countries became the colonies of European nations in history?
What was Malaysia's population in 2018?
Which language is used the most in the world?
What is the surface area of the United Kingdom?
In East Asia, what is the country with the greatest surface area?
What is the tallest building in Worcestershire?
What is the origin of the myth of Dangun?
What is the chemical symbol of an atomic nucleus?
What is the country where the most Jews live?
What is the color of the hottest light?
What is the name of the biggest hurricane in history up until 2019?
What is the biggest wine bottle in the world?
Where is the current location of Georgia?
What is the biggest confectionery enterprise in the world?
Does a Type IIb supernova have a weak hydrogen line in the initial spectrum?
What is Romania's GDP?
When was Paris chosen as the cultural capital of Europe?
Who is the person who invented Wikipedia?
What was the date of Hwang Jini's death?
Who is the person who founded Esoteric Buddhism?
Is gambling legal in Korea?
What is Imagawa Yoshimoto's hometown?
Which planet in the solar system orbits the fastest?
How many national libraries are there in France?
How many states are there in the US?
Where is the biggest industrial petroleum complex in Korea?
How many rivers are there in total in Korea?
How many countries went to war in the Vietnam War?
What was the fastest pitch in history?
When was Charles Darwin born?
At the time that the Japanese Invasions of Korea happened, where did the king of Joseon flee to after abandoning the capital?
To what present-day place does the Qing Dynasty correspond?
How many countries use Hebrew as their national language?
Do insects have large intestines?
What was the very first ad in Korea?
What was the winning team in the 2018 Major League?
When was the Yellow River Civilization started?
Where is the largest church in the world?
How many crew members were aboard Apollo 15?
What is the sport that the highest number of spectators watched directly on site in Japan in 2018?
What are the coordinates of Taiwan?
How many actors have made it to the Hollywood Hall of Fame as of 2019?
What animal's poop has the highest value?
How many cities are there in Kanto province in Honshu, Japan?
What is the tallest building in Marseille?
Who was the President of France in 1960?
What is the real name of Ludwig III?
Who was the winning side of the Civil War?
What is Britain's GDP?
What unique title and name did Goguryeo use?
As of 2019, which country has the largest number of fighter jets?
How many airports are there in France?
What is the fish that can live the longest outside of water?
When is Taejong's birthday?
How many people have a physical therapist license as of May 2019?
Who is the king of Sumerian civilization?
How many professional soccer leagues are there in Brazil?
When did Solomon die?
Who is Germany's leader in 2019?
How do you write kingdom in English?
How many criminals have been jailed for sex crimes in Korea as of 2018?
What is the fastest object in the world?
Which publisher of moral books will teach Korean middle schools in 2019?
How long is the reign of King Charles V of the Holy Roman Empire?
What is the oldest baseball team in Cuba?
Did the Etruscans have a strong sense of class division?
What is the disease classification number of hypertension in Korea?
How many events did the first Olympics have?
Who has presented the most challenges in the world?
What is the highest reward problem in the world?
Which country has the largest number of Buddhists in the world?
When was Shu Han founded?
What is the heaviest book in the world?
Which country has had the most civil wars in the world?
Who brought baseball into Japan?
Who was the first king of Francia?
How many islands are there in the Atlantic Ocean?
When money was introduced to people?
What is the biggest bridge over the Han River?
Who invented the inertia measuring device?
When did Kennedy take office as president?
Who was the President of Italy in 1960?
Which cells make up the majority of the Human body?
What is the largest city in Germany?
When was the Sonic anime released?
When did high-quality textiles develop in France?
What is the biggest department store in the world in 2019?
Who was the longest-serving leader of Goryeo?
When did the Thirty Years War begin?
When did Song In serve as a soldier?
Which of the Eastern European countries has the highest population density?
When did Georgia fall?
When did Isaac Newton die?
In what year did the Daegu subway fire happen?
What is the first online game made in Korea?
Which country has the most churches?
In how many countries did Islam have the highest proportion in 2019?
What is Putin's hometown?
When did the Battle of Incheon take place?
Who is the founder of Toei Company?
What was the surface area of the territory of the Roman Empire?
What kinds of devices must be used to gather space observation data?
What drama had the longest airing record before Doctor Who?
How many meters is the tallest valley in the Grand Canyon?
Which personage held the position of king for the longest duration in Joseon?
When was the movie 300 released?
What is Edmond Roberts' hometown?
What is the animal at the top of the Amazon food chain?
When was Windows developed?
What are the abilities of Lucifer who appears in the Bible?
When was Air China founded?
How many cities make up Luxembourg?
How long was the life of Deranged?
As of May 2019, what is the smallest communist country in the world?
Who is the founder of Marvel Comics?
Who was the first king of the kingdom of France?
What was the first Christian organization in Japan?
How many soldiers partook in the Battle of Gorangpo?
What country are the characters that perform in Hamlet from?
What is the MacBook series that has had the highest number of sales up until 2019?
Who was the leader of Hungary in 2019?
Which actor appeared in the most movies up until 2019?
Which game recorded the highest rate of return among the games released by Namco up until 2019?
Which animal has the biggest penis in the world?
In May of 2019, how many universities are there in Germany?
What automobile was sold the most in Germany in 2018?
Who was the winner of the first Miss Universe?
What is a neutron?
In what year were the Mexican cartels organized?
Who is the current governor of Frankfurt?
What is the state religion of the Wessex Kingdom?
What was the first country to start separate collection?
As of 2019, what gun does the Korean Military possess the most?
In what manner do the Japanese police recruit?
At the time of the Napoleonic Wars, who was the king of the Prussian Kingdom?
How much was Nintendo Company's first founding capital sum?
What is the regional number of Shanghai in China?
When was Bronzong organized?
Who founded La Jeunesse?
Who was the first emperor of the Byzantine Kingdom?
How many bones does a cat have?
How many couples got engaged in Korea in 2018?
What animation was sold the most in history until 2019?
When observing the Milky Way, what kinds of devices are usually utilized?
What are the points of difference between liberalism and idealism?
What is the political system of Myanmar?
What was the first game by Blizzard Entertainment, Inc.?
When did Hosokawa Tadaoki die?
Which religious sect first started conscientious objection?
What is the family tree of the Qing emperor?
What is the average temperature of the solar wind?
Why did the Battle of Jena–Auerstedt take place?
When is Gamal Abdel Nasser's birthday?
When did Tsuruoka Domain arise?
Can polio viruses be transmitted through humans?
Can fungi cure wounds?
When were the boroughs of New York merged?
How many diseases are directly related to the DNA?
What is the biggest international airport in Asia?
How many deserts are there in Asia?
What is the longest tunnel in the world?
Which military invests the most in Korean defense?
What is the state has the most cities in the world?
Which company has the highest net profit in 2018?
Who invented the submarine?
What is the biggest sausage in the world as of 2019?
What is the largest Muslim mosque in the world?
Who is the current chairman of ASEAN?
What was the longest battle in Mongolia?
How many people have been imprisoned in Nazi concentration camps?
What is the difference between an empire and a kingdom?
Who is the current governor of Jeonju?
How many capitalist countries are there as of 2019?
What does Christianity seek to gain through the doctrine of the Trinity?
Who's Luke?
What is the coldest city in Russia?
Do you think the modern economy is successful from a capitalist perspective?
What was the country of West Germany?
How deep is the average spot in the Pacific Ocean?
What country is the Pope in?
What is the largest city in Belgium?
How many national hospitals are there in Russia?
How tall is Billy Martin?
Which university in Malaysia has the highest application rate as of 2018?
Who is the winner of Master Chef Korea 1?
How many shortstops in baseball defense?
Which company made the giant statue of Wanda?
Can a child get a stroke?
How many perfect scores are there in 2018?
What is the first movie that used computer graphics?
As of May 2019, how many words are there in the Oxford English Dictionary?
When was Japan's Self-Defense Forces organized?
How long was Henry VIII in office?
Where is the most recent European Union member in Europe?
When was South Korea and North Korea divided?
What is the largest cathedral in Italy?
How many planes does Varig Airlines own?
What is the biggest ally in history?
What is the most played game of 2018?
What are the most expensive resources in the world as of 2018?
What are the geographical coordinates of Guangzhou?
What is the biggest country in Europe?
What year did the Heian era begin?
Who was the general who led the Japanese army during the Japanese Invasion of Korea?
What is the national anthem of the French Republic?
What is the most expensive university in Japan as of 2019?
Who is the judge who sentenced Jesus to crucifixion?
How many direct flights are there from Germany to Korea?
When did Nazi concentration camps disappear?
When did the Internet first start?
What is the range of the Zika virus?
Which continent is Myanmar on?
What is the first trick-taking game?
Which country are the Slavs from?
When did the Battle of Gettysburg end?
What is the population of Cuba as of 2018?
What battles have won by the largest force disadvantage in history?
When did Jeong Yeo-rip die?
How many countries are there in Asia?
What was the best-selling novel in Korea in 2015?
How long was the reign of Isabel I?
How many countries have a president rule?
Who is the founder of Panasonic?
What periodic table elements is silicone made up of?
When did the PlayStation 1 come out?
What was the first novel written by Thomas Harris?
What is the highest temple in China?
When was Uija of Baekje crowned king?
When did Lee Kuan Yew die?
When was the first text message sent?
What is the smallest city in Austria?
How many middle schools are there in France?
Booker T. What was Washington's first autobiography?
When was Mexico's independence approved?
What was the capital of the United States before Washington D.C.?
Were there more of the Japanese or Korean forces at the time of the Japanese invasion?!
What is the cell that lives the longest in the human body?
What is the tallest building in Incheon?
What is Australia's FIFA ranking in 2019?
What is the largest car in the world?
What is the way to the North Pole from Vancouver, Canada?
What is the widest area of land in the world?
When was Charlemagne of Francia crowned?
What is the longest medical book in the world?
As of 2019, what was the most expensive experiment?
Who is the leader of the Philippines in 2019?
When did the Nazis disband?
What is the maximum water depth in the North Atlantic Ocean?
How many members does the Beirut Band have?
When was the Japan Socialist Party founded?
What is the largest counter-terrorism organization in the United States?
What is the largest artwork in the world?
Should corporations be a capital organizations?
Who made the first robot?
When did the Battle of Morotai end?
Which jungle produces the most oxygen on Earth?
How far is it from Italy to Austria?
What was the largest population of Finland?
Why did Christianity give way to Protestantism?
How do you calculate the life span of a tree?
What are the geographical coordinates of Merseyside?
What era was the most noble of theology?
When was Fujiwara no Yorinaga born?
When is the birthday of Hōjō Sōun?
What is the largest science university in South Korea?
Which state has the most number of cities in the United States?
How many chapters does the Book of Revelation have?
Who founded Cambridge University?
When is the birthday of William Gilbert?
What is the capital of Poland?
Who is the mayor of Yongin in 2019?
As of 2019, how many countries categorize hair fall as an illness?
In Korea, what is the ranking of Gumi City in terms of size?
Which religion has the most number of followers in the world?
When was the practice of selling indulgences banned?
As of 2019, how many communist countries are there?
What is the name of the photographer who won the Pulitzer Prize in 2018?
What is the maximum legal working hours in South Korea?
What is the official religion of Italy?
Which company produces the most number of televisions in South Korea?
Who's Luke?
What is the most reactive metal?
What is the size of capital of Keisei Electric Railway?
Which company employs the most number of people in South Korea?
Which country has the most number of embassies in the world?
What is the RNA composed of?
What is the primary religion in the Middle East?
How many fixed stars can be seen from Earth?
What is the smallest province in Italy?
What is the largest women's university in South Korea?
When was The Korea Herald founded?
Which company invented the first smartphone?
When did the period of ancient Roman monarchy begin?
What can be obtained from nuclear fusion?
Which ingredient has the highest amount of calories in the world?
What was the currency of Kingdom of Epirus?
What is the longest tightrope in history?
When was the Vatican created?
What is the capital of Iceland?
When did mankind first succeed in space exploration?
What is the oldest novel in the world?
Who was the youngest person to become king during the Joseon Dynasty?
Which company manages the Hanwa Line?
During the Later Han Dynasty, how many emperors were there up to Emperor Guangwu inclusive?
When did the Kingdom of Goryeo collapse?
After the declaration of independence in the United States, which event led to the recognition of a full independence?
What is the last word in the Bible?
Did guidance originate from vocational training?
Which disease has the highest mortality rate in the world?
What is the name of Hitler's attending physician?
3.8 When was the line drawn?
Why did war between England and France break out?
In how many countries is same-sex marriage legal?
In which year did Doctor Who first air?
How many cities does the state of Miami have in the United States?
How many eras did Japan go through until 2019?
What is the value of Kenya's currency?
Who was the leader of Japan at the time of Korea's independence?
What are the types of IgA?
Which country in Africa had the highest GDP in 2018?
Are hyenas part of 3 genus 4 species?
Congenital deformities are present in what percentage of newborns?
Who was the first person to spread utilitarianism?
Which was the best selling novel in USA in 2018?
Who is the current emperor of Japan?
As of 2007, what is the population of Yeo-soon port?
How did the cartoon atomic boy end?
What is the statutory law?
Where was John Locke born?
How many MLB players are from France?
How many people have been assigned to both president and vice-president duties?
In what year was One Piece first introduced?
How many earthquakes occurred in Japan in 2018?
How are animation airing times determined in Japan?
In what country did the dragon mythology begin?
Who was the founder of New York Yankees?
Who was the first to start the reign of terror?
How many followers of Mary's ark of salvation were there in 2019?
What universities are represented by the members of Samjiyon Band?
How many express bus terminals were in South Korea in 2019?
How many public libraries are in Netherlands?
How many step brothers did Charles Martel have?
As of 2019, how many subjects did the South Korean scholastic aptitude test have?
What was the shortest battle?
What is the cheapest metal in the world?
Can turtles survive in both land and water?
What is the largest prison in Japan?
Which Canadian city imposes the highest rate of taxes?
When was the term "hispanic" invented?
Where is the Albanian republic?
How many football teams are in Argentina?
When is the Japanese Emperor's birthday?
As of 2019, who was the oldest person to become a ruler of a country?
What is the difference between democratic union and graduate student union?
When was the evolution theory first proposed?
What is the difference between higher education examination and the current scholastic aptitude examination?
In May of 2019, how many universities are there in Germany?
What region has the highest radioactivity?
What is a stimulus?
What is the surface area of ​​Palbong-myeon?
What is green sRGBB (r, g, b)?
Who is the youngest corporate CEO in history?
To what family does the leopard belong to?
Where does the pope reside?
During what period did wickedness originate?
What is MTV's parent company?
What is the oldest arts high school in South Korea?
What is the conflict of interest avoidance law?
How long does it take for plastics to naturally decompose?
What is the largest city in Rome?
What is the first public university in South Korea?
Where is Gongchul Si's hometown?
What is the longest river in Seoul?
When did Ireland gain independence?
How tall is the London Tower?
What is the largest city in Venezuela?
When was Adhocracy first organized?
When did Alexander the Great die?
How many cities are there in Tunisia?
Was Ho Jong-suk an atheist?
Which country produced the most semiconductors in 2018?
Which Korean river has the most bridges over it?
What is the similarities between Spanish and Dutch?
What is the programming language for Linux?
What was the biggest naval battle in history?
When did the Japanese colonial rule begin?
How many deserts are there in South America?
What is the largest university in Korea?
What drama set the longest drama record after Dr. Who?
When did Russia merge with Crimea?
Who first proposed the Big Bang theory?
How many children does Zeus have in total?
What is the area code of Durrës?
What is the oldest animation in the world?
How many Koreans are attending Harvard as of May 2019?
How many countries are there in Europe?
What was the best selling car in China in 2018?
What is the most purchased champion in League of Legends?
How many countries speak Latin as their national language?
Where is the Supreme Court building in the United States?
What is Rhodes' GDP?
Which country has the longest Christian history?
Does Major League Baseball refers to the top professional baseball leagues in the United States and Canada?
Which city became the first metropolitan city?
Why does the infirmary exist?
Did Sputnik 2 succeed in launching?
Which city has the largest number of foreigners in the Netherlands?
When was Williams born?
How many times has President Andrew Jackson been president?
How does glucose affect the human body?
What is the biggest mailbox in Korea?
Which country has the longest life expectancy as of 2018?
Where in China is Lüshun Port?
When did Japan become a country legally established by the Constitution?
Which country first started weather forecasts?
What is the difference between backgammon and chess?
Fascism?
What is the equatorial diameter of the earth?
How many castles are there in Germany?
What is the population of South America?
How many kidneys does a dog have?
When was Iran founded?
What country is the United Nations in?
What year exactly does the end of Kamakura period mean?
What is the most addictive substance in the world?
Which country has the lowest average sea level on Earth?
What is the largest tank in the world?
What's the area of the South Pacific?
How do you measure the immunoglobulin A levels?
When did the Ishiyama Hongan-ji War end?
What is an anti-war agent?
What is the pinkish-colored salt?
Which continent has the largest number of giant ants?
Is gambling legal in Korea?
When was penicillin discovered?
Who was the representative person who seriously discussed philosophy of mind in the 17th century?
Which cartoon did Kian 84 first serialize?
What is the difference between liberalism and conservatism?
What is the distance between Italy and Spain?
Why are there 366 days in some years?
What was Kennedy's monetary policy?
What is the largest court in Japan?
How many periods were there up to the Heian period inclusive?
What is the largest city in Switzerland?
Who is the wife of Newton?
What is the oldest baseball team in Japan?
How big was the Panzer Lehr Division?
What was the biggest SUV in South Korea in 2019?
What is the period of Technetium?
What is the largest city in China?
How do you write the Korean word "Sangjangjisu Fund" in English?
How many clubs are there in Hội An?
When was the construction of the Chernobyl nuclear power plant completed?
What is the longest Korean word?
Who was the emperor of Japan in 2018?
In the Heian Period, when did the samurai Minamoto no Yoshimitsu die?
What is the distance between the Republic of Korea and Japan?
How much did the movie Batman Begins earn in South Korea?
How many times did Liu Bei meet with Zhuge Liang?
Where is Ronald Wayne from?
Where is the headquarters of Namuwiki?
Who is the first person to get a college education in the history of mankind?
What is the largest magnet in the world?
What is the largest lake in Germany?
What are the basic requirements for a company to list shares in South Korea?
Who is the 1st president of Brazil?
When did Shinzō Abe become the Prime Minister?
When was the rescue diving bell made?
How many countries did Napoleon conquer?
How many NGOs are there in the world?
Which country does Berlin belong to?
What is the largest island in the Atlantic Ocean?
How do you write air traffic control in Chinese?
What is the smallest communist country in the world?
How many DNAs are there in the human body?
What is Greenland?
What is the world ranking of Russia in terms of landmass?
In what year was the first Nobel Prize in Literature awarded?
What kind of a group are the Nordic groups in Northern Europe?
What is the first satellite launched by mankind?
What is the longest subway in Canada?
Who dealt with sociology for the first time in the world?
What is the capital of France?
Who is the oldest pope in history?
What is the name of the physicist who published the most number of academic papers?
Which company made the first laptop computer?
How many children did Nitta Yoshisada have?
What is the function of dopamine?
What do the Indians call the Seminole Wars?
What is the most sold cell phone in the world?
How many cities are there in the state of Virginia?
How many battles were there between the United States and England in history?
What is the third planet in our solar system?
What is the largest snake in the world?
How many times did the World Cup take place in Argentina?
How many junior high schools are there in China?
Who was the prime minister of the Joseon Dynasty during King Sejong's rule?
What is the largest city in Italy?
Which media outlet used the phrase "work-life balance" for the first time?
In which country is astronomy most developed?
How far away, in kilometers, is the mantle from the crust?
What are the three laws of a dialectic?
What is the chemical symbol for oxygen?
What is the primary religion of Rio de Janeiro?
How many bones does a dog have?
When did Hōjō Tokimune die?
Where are the world's top two professional football leagues?
When was Joseon founded?
What is the most corrosive liquid in the world?
Which Alfred Hitchcock movie was the most popular as of 2019?
What is the main food source in Kenya?
Which Japanese game was sold the most as of 2019?
What is the area code for Chicago?
As of 2019, which author sold the most number of books?
Where is Richard Dawkins from?
How many UNESCO World Heritage Sites does Poland have?
Who is the first female judge of South Korea?
What is the largest city in the Republic of Korea?
When is the birthday of Carlos Ivan Beltrán?
What is the largest building in Vietnam?
What is the tallest mountain in Spain?
In what year was the first Nobel Prize in Literature awarded?
Who was the political leader of Japan in 2019?
How many casinos are there in California?
Who is the current mayor of Gwacheon City?
In which country is Normandy located?
When was the White house built?
Who is the current president of Slovakia?
In which city was Sohn Jung-do born?
Is parallax related to rotational motion?
What is the brightest star in the night sky?
When did the Ottoman Empire collapse?
Which country is the largest producer of stainless steel?
Who was the first person to complete a trip around the world?
What kind of information can be obtained using big data?
Who in the Roman Empire made Austria an independent constituent state?
Can causality be calculated?
What is the hometown of Michael Phelps?
What is the biggest bone in the human body?
How many children did Preston Brooks have?
How many breeds of dogs are native to Canada?
Who was the representative of the Democratic Labor Party in 2011?
Who is the first president of Russia?
How many Olympic categories were there in 2019?
When was Bob Dylan born?
What is the minimum taxable monthly wage in Malaysia?
When did Taiwan declare independence from China?
Where did Alexander II die?
When did the period of Ancient Roman Republic start?
As of May 2019, how many doctors are registered with the National Union of Korean Medical Doctors?
How were the continents formed??
What was the tallest building in Amsterdam in 2018?
Among Canadian states, what is the ranking of the state of Ontario in terms of size in Canada?
How many pharmacies are there in the Republic of Korea?
As of 2019, what is the oldest aircraft in the world?
When did Lee Kyung-kyu debut?
When was Korea's first state-run broadcasting station established?
When was Dennis Law's birthday?
Which animal has the largest horns in the world?
How do you say beauty in Japanese?
What was the most devastating flood until 2019?
How many countries have the caste system as of 2019?
Can frogs live on both land and water?
What was the largest coup d'etat in the world?
What kind of educational activities were available before modern education in the Western world?
Who is the owner of the Barcelona club?
Who is the successor to Frederick II?
To how many countries can fly directly from Finland?
What is the last Pokémon series that Mewtwo appeared in?
What is the first non-governmental organization in Korea?
Who was the first philosopher that received a Nobel prize?
What is the ICD-9 number of porphyria?
What is the founding day of Osaka Kintetsu Buffalos?
Who is the leader of Brunei in 2019?
Whose victory did the Triple Alliance War end in?
How many universities are there in Illinois?
Who is the pitcher that threw the fastest ball in the world?
When did the Cold War end?
When did the Ishiyama Hongan-ji War end?
When did Pepin die?
When did the Oasis break up?
3.1 Korean flags were waved during the movement; who made this Korean flag?
What was the first page uploaded on Wikipedia?
Which Lamborghini car model was the most sold model until 2019?
How many volumes does Ten Thousand Lives consist of?
Which dome is the largest in Greece?
Who is the founder of Tokyo Imperial University?
What is the fastest speed per hour in the history of F1?
What survived the longest because of life reproduction?
What was the first building of the British Empire?
Is the Polisario Front middle coordinate?
Which city is the biggest in Spain?
What is the distance from China to Japan?
Which country did Jeung San Do originate from?
What was the malnutrition rate in Uganda in 2018?
Who was the prime minister of Japan in 2019?
What does national campaign mean?
Which publication was the most sold in Japan in 2018?
Which book was the most sold in the world?
Which aquarium is the biggest in Japan?
How many main characters are there in Journey to the West?
What is the English word for political science?
In 2019 as the standard, how many species of mosquito exist on earth?
Which country manufactured the first Dreadnought?
How many gods are there in Hinduism?
What is the total land surface area of Portugal?
Which island in Japan has the weakest earthquakes?
May 2019, which company in Japan has the most employees?
Which zodiac sign consists of the most stars?
Do step families get tax benefits in Korea?
How much oxygen does a person need daily?
How many meters is Sanabria's best record?
Where is the museum where Triceratops' fossils are displayed?
Is the Creek War also a part of
On which level do clouds form?
Who was the President of China in 2018?
When did the miracle of the Han River begin?
What is the lightest MacBook?
What is the fruit with the most seeds?
When did the National Democratic Party of Germany form?
Who was the first president of the United States?
Who is Japan's first Emperor?
When was the first Tour de France held?
What is the most bulky invention in history?
What was the first colored movie?
What was Ngo Dinh Diem's movement?
When is Alexander Emanuel Rodriguez's birthday?
When is Vladimir Ilyich Lenin's birthday?
Who's the hero of the "One More Time" webtoon?
When was Chinese philosopher Cheng's death date?
When was Mitsubishi founded?
How many cities are there in Alaska?
Which of the characteristics of an algorithm should be able to export an output as an answer?
How many employees in the world are on Facebook?
As of May 2019, how many warships does the U.S. Navy have?
How long is the orbit of the earth?
Who's Brest's mayor?
What is the UK's general election procedure?
What alcoholic beverage has the highest alcohol content?
Why was Luther at odds with Calvin?
What is the population of Orlando?
When did the Algerian shock happen?
How many ballet universities are there in Russia?
What is the polar diameter of Jupiter?
What is the largest research institute in the world?
Which country made sugar cubes first?
Which F1 team has the most racers?
What is the biggest compass in the world?
How far is it from Earth to Mercury?
Which country did Gim Yu-sin rule in?
What is Canada's most populous city?
Which state has the highest GDP in the United States?
What is the goal of the charisma movement?
What is the biggest airport in Rome?
What is the limit of impetus mechanics?
When did Ancient Rome fall?
What is the last stop of York University Station?
What is electrostatic energy?
Why do apples turn green?
Why is Ramadan observed?
What is the largest animal in the Taiga area?
What was the most consumed fish in Korea in 2018?
How far is the mantle from the sea?
Who was the first pharaoh?
Who invented rock music?
When is Mark Antony's birthday?
How many times did crusades happen?
What is the largest pizza franchise in the world?
Which country was the first to introduce the subway system?
How many railway stations are in Gyeongsangnam-do Province?
When did Brusilov pass away?
Which city in Poland has the highest population density?
When was Japan's national isolation policy abolished?
How many culinary colleges are in Italy?
What is the largest star discovered as of 2019?
When did prices of groceries stabilize?
What is the largest administrative district in Japan?
Who is the leader that declared war on drugs in the Philippines?
How much money was spent on Korea's national defense in 2018?
Who became the president after George Washington?
Which country in the world has the toughest sentences for sexual crimes?
Who was the predecessor of Marie Thérèse Charlotte de France?
On Seoul's subway line 7, is only the area from Jangam Station to Onsu Station part of urban railway?
On which animal is the brain the heaviest part of their body?
What is the largest city in North Korea?
What country was the first to be colonized by the UK?
What instrument did Johann Sebastian Bach play?
What was the first movie made by Hollywood?
Who was the fifth pope?
Which piano piece is the longest in the world?
Where is Marvel Comics headquarters located?
What does the number refer to in ICD-10?
In what year was kabuki introduced?
How many islands are in Japan?
Who is the governor of Montreal, Canada?
Is DeepMind Google's subsidiary or subcontractor?
In history, who was the person that became the leader of a country at the youngest age as of 2019?
Which person was the first to lead the use of internet in South Korea?
When was a belt wheel first used?
Which country introduced the circus?
How many elementary schools are in Rome?
Who was the first president of the Netherlands?
Who was the first prime minster of Germany?
What is the difference between conservatism and idealism?
Which country in the world has the highest number of colleges?
How many middle schools does Germany have?
Which king first established the Vienna Boys' Choir?
Which US state has the highest number of residents without health insurance?
Which is the largest airport in South Korea?
Where was the Lady Justice Statue first erected?
Which country in the UK has the highest population density?
What is the oldest publisher in the United States?
What is the largest online shopping mall in the world?
How many countries have been colonized by Japan?
What is the second largest city in France?
LG is the abbreviation of what words?
What is the largest soccer field in Spain?
What is the largest state in Germany?
What is the land area of Ulaanbaatar?
How many battleships does the British Royal Navy have?
What is the size of Wikipedia's big data?
How many large bridges are in Angola?
What is the difference between a calligraphy brush and a regular brush?
Who was the 150th pope?
Which country had the highest birth rate in 2018?
What is the largest lizard in the world?
How many prisons are there in London?
As of May 2019, how many homeless people are there in the Republic of Korea?
When was the United Methodist Church established in the United States?
What is the distance between Jupiter and the sun?
Which Korean hospital has the largest percentage in South Korea?
Which opera was performed the most in history?
How many train stations are there in Japan?
What is the oldest research institute in South Korea?
What is the density of Earth?
In which city is the embassy of the Republic of Korea in Japan located?
What is the distance between Italy and France?
How many stations are there in the Dongchul Line?
How many children suffered from malnutrition in 2019?
Which country was colonized the most in history?
What is the first building to be built in the Roman Empire?
Why did the Civil War break out?
How many hotels are there in Las Vegas?
As of 2019, how many battles was Italy involved in?
Who was the chief judge of South Korea in 2019?
Who was the youngest person to become king during the Joseon Dynasty?
How many countries use Chinese as a national language?
What is the distance between Germany and France?
How many universities were there in Rome?
Which temple located highest in South Korea?
As of 2019, how many people died from chickenpox?
Where was the bus operated for the first time in South Korea?
How many junior high schools are there in Normandy?
When did the founder of Buddhism die?
The activity began in earnest as 11 countries jointly proposed an agreement on the “PSI Blocking Principle" on September 2003 in Paris.
What is the currency used in Hungary?
What was the first movie produced by Mel Gibson as a film director?
What is the longest airing British drama?
How many countries were there during the Asuka Period in Japan?
Who was the 3rd pope?
Which game company sold the most number of games?
Which Japanese company expanded to the most number of countries in 2019?
What is the name of the composer who held the number 1 position in the Billboard the longest?
Who was the Prime Minister of France in 2010?
Why are the languages of Indonesia and Malaysia similar?
Who was the actor to receive the first Golden Globe Actor Award?
How long was Andrew Jackson's military service?
Do planets in the solar system revolve around the Sun at the same velocity?
When did Jeong Yeo-rip die?
As of 2019, how many countries has Israel been at war with?
What is a hormone?
What is the second work in the World Masterpiece Theater series?
Who is the main designer of Overwatch?
How many male universities are there in Japan?
As of May 2019, who was the last person to receive capital punishment in Japan?
When did Busan become a metropolitan city?
How did the Ganges affect India?
What is the oldest research institute in South Korea?
When did the Tenpō Reforms end?
What is the tallest building in Hongdae?
Who is the first president of Venezuela?
Who was the first person to complete a trip around the world?
What is the sea level altitude of Hashima Island?
Which bone is the hardest in human body?
What was the population of Hamburg, Germany in 2018?
How many cities are there in France?
What was the population of France in 2018?
How deep is the Han river?
How many species of jellyfish are poisonous?
What is the birth date of Jesus?
What is the biggest gallery in dcinside.com?
When was Seoul designated the capital of South Korea?
What is the purpose of the Peloponnesian League?
What is the difference between symbolism and objectivism?
Which number largest city is Sao Paulo in Brazil?
When was Cyber Hankuk University of Foreign Studies established?
What was the biggest Korean circle dance in history?
How many corporations are there in Korea in 2019?
What is the biggest university in New Zealand?
What is the biggest state in southern U.S.A?
What city has the highest population density in the world?
Which line is the line of GO Transit?
Who is the prime minister of Australia?
What was the first electronic musical instrument in history?
Is the amount of work received by the object equal to the amount of change in its kinetic energy?
Which actor starred in the most movies in Hollywood?
What is the synopsis of the pilot episode of Choushinsei Flashman?
Which country had the lowest average life expectancy in 2018?
When was the first fossil of pterodactyl found?
What is the difference between Goal Attainment Theory and Intrinsic Motivation Theory?
Which team has the most number of League of Legends world championships?
Which disease has caused the most deaths until 2019?
Which serial killer has the most victims?
When did the Meiji era end?
What is the date of death of Minamoto no Tametomo?
Which country has held Winter Olympics most?
Which country has the most developed trade in the world?
Which tetrapod is the fastest in the world?
In which country is the Autobahn located?
Which Korean player has assaulted Ahn Hyunsoo?
How many leagues are there in Japanese Nippon Professional Baseball?
What is the longest railroad in Russia?
Which is bigger between East Malaysia and West Malaysia?
What is the capital of Ireland?
In which year has the Center for Historical Truth and Justice established?
What is standard reference value of apparent magnitude?
What is the highest mountain in Austria?
What is the largest city in Philippines?
What is the date of establishment of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics?
What is the largest city in UK?
In 2019, around the world, who has given birth to the most babies ?
Where is the hometown of Mikhail Gorbachev?
Where is the least populated region in Hungary?
Who stated a military coup and made Egypt a Republic?
How many series of Doctor Who are there?
What does 'Hojok (a powerful clan)' mean?
What is the first online game of Korea?
Did people have to pass 'gwageo' to become a 'munsin' in Joseon Dynasty?
Which country has the most health clubs?
Which region in Korea first succeeded in banana plantation?
What are the geographical coordinates of Illinois?
In 2018, which university did students apply to the most?
Which country most actively participated in whaling?
What is the largest vineyard in the world?
When was Chae Byong-duk born?
How do you make an atomic bomb?
When was Nintendo founded?
What is Hellenism?
After inhaling oxygen, how much does it take for the oxygen to reach our brain?
What formula do we need to calculate the volume of a ship?
In what ways are functional analysis and quantum mechanics related?
When did Bonaventura die?
Which scientist made military robots?
Who won the first Trophée Yachine?
Who found out that galaxies are made up of countless stars?
To where did the King of Joseon flee to during the Japanese Invasion of Korea in 1592?
What is the first cooking school in Japan?
If we rank last names on how common they are, where would the last name 'Pi' be on that list?
What is the color of wolf fur?
What is the highest mountain in Russia?
In 2019, how many endangered species of animals are there?
What is the study of plant development?
Who is the governor of Manhattan?
When did Provence start a coup?
Where is the hometown of Richard Dawkins?
In 2018, what is the current net income of Starbucks in the United States?
When is the birthday of Guus Hiddink?
Where is the central bank in the United States?
When did Yi Sun-sin finish his 'NanjungIlgi'?
What is the longest novel that Tolkien wrote?
How tall is Alexander Emmanuel Rodriguez?
Who was the first leader of Germany?
Which country has the most subways?
How much is the processing speed of AlphaGo?
When was the stromatolite fossil first discovered?
What are the 'Cooperatives of Emilia Romagna'?
When was the black whole first discovered?
Which game developed in Poland has been sold the most?
In what year was SM Entertainment founded?
Is the Action Party considered as the Conservatives?
When the Eastern Roman Empire collapsed, who was the last emperor of the Eastern Roman Empire?
What is the heaviest gas in the world?
Which country has the most Nobel Laureates in the field of Physics?
Until 2019, how many times did Norway participate in the World Cup?
What is the second oldest women's university in the United States?
When poetry is discovered?
What is the address of Financial Services Commission of the republic of Korea?
Which museum is the world's largest?
Which is the largest hotel in South Korea?
When was Seoul Metro established?
What is the theme of Major?
Who established the definition of science?
What was the most sold laptop in Korea in 2018?
Which animal is the largest mammal?
What is the oldest history book in South Korea?
What is the definition of a planet?
Where is the capital of Liberia?
What is the GNP of Prague?
Which season has the most forest fire incidents?
In the year of 2019, Where is JTONG belonged to?
What is the most purchased champion in League of Legends?
Which was the first game released by Nintendo?
Who is the emperor that accepted the science technology of China?
When did the Korean Anglican Church start?
Who is the first king of Francia?
Who was the president of Syria in 2019?
Who was the oldest person as of 2018?
Who was the president of Italy in 2019?
Which country purchased the MacBook Air the most in the year of 2018?
What is the diameter of earth?
As of 2018, which country has the most alcoholics?
Who was the longest-serving leader of Goryeo?
Who is the Chancellor of Germany?
Where was the first railroad built?
What is the most authoritative political position in Hungary?
What was the most selling book in Rome during the year of 2018?
As of 2019, what is the maximum working hour in South Korea?
What year was the hall of fame for baseball in USA established?
Where is the war memorial of Korea located?
Where is the most gravity applied on earth?
What year was Jeong-gun Hyun was born?
When was the Yellow River Civilization started?
What is the smallest city in Spain?
Which is the baseball stadium with most grandstands?
What is the longest movie in the world?
Which constellation can be observed the longest?
Which publisher published the most children's book?
What is the old name of Russia?
What is the surface area of Shanghai?
What is the green hexadecimal mark?
Where is the world's largest hot air balloon as of 2018?
Who established the early churches?
Who is the antagonist group of people's mobilization forces?
When did Myanmar declare independence from England?
How many public libraries are there in Japan?
Who is the head coach of Liverpool in the first half of 2019?
Which human body part produces lactic acid?
How many Ivy League private colleges are there?
What is the currency of Poland?
Which company released the first laptop?
How many clubs are there in Japan as of 2019?
Which country was the first to surrender during World War I?
In which area was the first Earth shelter built?
What is the number of novels in the Narnia Chronicles film?
What is a method of storing wine?
What country is the Coypu native to?
Is the Philippines a multi-ethnic country?
How many cities are there in Singapore?
What currency is used in France?
What is the most sold novel in Japan?
How many baseball stadiums are there in Japan?
How many countries are there on Earth?
Where is the swamp where the most crocodiles in world live?
What is the most sold model of Mitsubishi Motors in 2018?
When was Ulsan designated as a metropolitan city?
Why did Brusilov become a soldier?
What is the most expensive shoe brand in the world?
What will the population of be in Buenos Aires 2018?
How many public institutions are under the Financial Services Commission of the Republic of Korea?
How many elementary schools are there in Helsinki?
What is Korea's tangible cultural heritage No.1?
What is representative government?
Which country has the largest number of warships in the world?
How many brothers did Willem I have?
When did Justinian I die?
Who first developed Wi-Fi?
Who developed the early integrated circuit?
What country has the cleanest air in the world?
Which country owns the most electric cars?
What is the biggest river in England?
How many Olympics have been held in Athens?
Does Poland have a parliamentary cabinet system?
What caused World War II?
Is Messianic Judaism related to the German Holocaust?
What happened to Tsuda Sanzō?
What countries exported the most semiconductors in 2018?
What is the average diameter of Jupiter?
When did Liberia become independent?
How to use an abacus?
How many hospitals are there in Dhaka?
What are the Dutch geographic coordinates?
Did Emma Goldman see the state as an essential and inevitable tool of domination and control?
What is the reason for the end of the special public order?
In which city is Oxford Merton College located?
How many countries use Mongolian as their national language?
What were the problems with social and political systems at the end of the Roman Empire?
What is the location of Mount Gassan?
What is the lowest rank in India?
What is the company that distributed Call of Duty?
When was electric guitar invented?
Which Japanese city had the most number of visitors in 2018?
Which is the smallest of the Eastern European countries?
Which university is the oldest in Texas?
Did Voltaire get married before dying?
How did radio help during the Second World War?
Where does China as a nation rank in land size in the world?
When was the founding period of Troy?
Who owns the Juventus F.C.?
When was the dissolution of the Rally for the Republic?
Which country committed the most political diplomacy crimes?
Which year was DC Inside established?
What is the annual salary of Andre currently in 2019?
Which episode was the series Doctor Who has the highest viewer ratings?
How long is an adult termite?
Where is the headquarter for SK located?
In 2019 as the standard, which company has the most permanent employees?
Which baseball stadium is the largest in Japan?
Which battle had the most casualties in history?
Which building is the oldest in France?
Which author penned the most bestsellers until 2019?
How many ancient languages are there that have still not been interpreted?
How many cities are in South East Asia?
What was the cause of death of Abram Petrovich Gannibal?
What was the second historical novel by Walter Scott?
What is the population of Myanmar in 2018?
What is the abbreviation for Nazis?
Which building was the tallest in Argentina in 2018?
When did the Yuan Dynasty end?
Who built the Vatican in Rome?
Who designed the dome-shaped roof?
Which typhoon was the largest in the world until 2019?
Where is the SBS broadcasting station located currently?
What is the benefit of utilitarianism?
Which research facility is the biggest in the world?
Who is the first president of Mora?
Which airplane is the largest in the world?
Who is the youngest Pope in history?
Which general commanded the most battles during the Chosun Dynasty?
What is the state capital of England?
Which state has the third smallest surface area in the USA?
What is the road to the North Pole?
Which is the biggest star that can be seen from Earth?
Which city is the largest in India?
When did Morichika die?
How many kilograms does a geomundo weigh?
How many tales did the Grimm brothers write in total?
When was Howard Michael Johnson born?
What makes up a fossil?
How many blood types are there in humans?
Who designed Spongebob?
Who designed the Blenheim Palace?
Who was the first emperor of the Maurya Empire?
How many important cultural assets does Germany have?
Where is China's Great Wall located?
Who was the first Orientalist?
How many communist countries are there in 2019?
Before the modern humans, how many kinds of humans existed?
What is the election procedure for the prime minister position?
What kind of soil is needed to plant lemons?
What is the area code of Berlin?
Which country has the lowest rice consumption rate in 2018?
How many smart phone companies are there in China in 2019?
What is the longest beach in Denmark?
As of 2019, which company has launched the most number of games?
In which country did the crusader's war originate?
Who is the leader of Uzbekistan in 2019?
To what continent does Liberia belong to?
What is the oldest play in China?
Who was the founder of Walt Disney company?
Who is the governor of Wat Pho in 2019?
What is a multiprocessor?
How many times has Brazil won the World Cup?
Which poem has had the most media exposure in South Korea in 2018?
Where was Kent's first performance?
How many Hollywood actors are from Texas?
What is the current population of Ishikari?
What was Rene Margritte's first artwork?
How many churches are in Germany?
What was the best seling padding in 2018?
What is the surface area of Beijing?
Why was Catholicism persecuted in Joseon?
What was the military occupational specialty of the Panzer-Lehr-Division?
Which actor played the main role in Adventure Land?
How deep is the Ireland Sea?
Who is Tetsuo Hira's partner?
What is the definition of a planet?
Which country was victorious in the 1st Indo-China War?
Who was the president of the USA in 1950?
Who was the first cardinal of the Roman Catholic church?
How do you write Abraham in Arabic?
What is a war photographer?
What is the largest city in Netherlands?
What is the first filmmaker in South Korea?
What is Greece's specialty product?
What was Hermann Hesse's fifth novel?
Which country invented the tank?
Why did the Russian civil war break out?
What was the effect of Catholicism on South Korea?
How does a hydrogenerator produce energy?
How many kings ruled the Anglo-Saxon kingdom?
How many Olympic medals had Italy won up until 2019?
What is the biggest state in Japan?
Who survived the most number of gunshots in the world?
What was the first Playstation game CD?
How many Catholic followers are in New Zealand in 2018?
Where is the hometown of the director of Battle of the Bulge?
Who was the president of South Korea in 1810?
Which company sold the most number of baseballs in 2018?
How many battles has the Byzantine Empire been involved in?
Who was the tallest person in the Three Kingdom period?
What are metals composed of?
Did the Jews originate from the Israelites?
Which country exports wine the most?
How many parks are in Croatia?
When was novelist Jingun Hyun born?
What is the tallest tower in the world?
Who is the current secretary of commerce in South Korea?
What is Newton's third law?
In which category did Russia win its first Olympic gold medal?
In which country was Pokemon first aired?
What is the distance between the United States and France?
What kind of study do you need in order to be a prosecutor in Korea?
What is the biggest province in Italy?
When did Nicholas I die?
Who is the current president of the Korean government?
Who invented abacus?
How many Koreans earned Canadian permanent residency in 2018?
How many parks are there in Italy?
What is the biggest fruit in the world?
Which elementary school in Korea had the most students attending in 2019?
Which author published the most books up until 2019?
Who was the president before President Moon Jae-In?
Where is Chun Doo-hwan's hometown?
Who was the successor after Emperor Tenmu?
Which dinosaur is the heaviest of all dinosaurs?
Who was the leader of Scotland in 2019?
Who is the current president of Oxfam?
What is the geographical grid for Guam?
When was Epicurus born?
How do you write mantis in English?
What is the maximum number of consecutive houses?
Where is the biggest city in the EU?
Where was the second broadcasting station to be open after Korea's first state-operated broadcasting station?
How far is the Andromeda galaxy from our solar system?
How many countries were in World War II?
When is Adolf Hitler's birthday?
Why do stars explode?
As of 2019, what was the largest computer company in Korea?
As of May 2019, which country had the highest number of homeless people?
When did Korea become independent of Japanese colonial rule?
What year was Pan Yuliang born in?
Where is the capital city of Jordan?
What is the smallest city in Norway?
Where is Sogang University located?
Who is the current governor of Daejeon?
Who is the founder of Air China?
What is Ireland's highest record in the World Cup?
Which hospital was Honda Minako born at?
Which animation recorded the highest viewer rating on the Cartoon Network in 2018?
Which country had the highest consumption of poultry in 2018?
What is the national anthem of the First Republic of France?
When was Daewoo Motors established?
Which country is Horus a cultural legend of?
When did Heo Jun write the Dongui Bogam?
What is the largest mountain in the world?
How many Olympic medals has Cuba won by 2019?
Who was the first king of France?
What is the most expensive whale excrement?
What is the formula for integration?
In how many countries is marijuana legal?
Who was the first president of Vietnam?
What is the surface area of Seocheon?
How many countries speak English as official language?
How many basketball teams are in the NBA?
What is the website for the province of Tuscany?
What is the biggest dinosaur in history?
How many cases of missing person were there in Korea in 2019?
What is the Gundam suicide case?
Who was the cardinal in 2018?
What is the oldest online game in the world?
How many mailboxes are there in Korea?
How acidic is human blood?
Who is the first president of China?
Which city in Italy has the highest population density?
Which year was the Chikungunya virus first discovered?
How many artificial islands are there in South Korea?
What is the purpose of chromosomes?
What is the elevation of Nagasaki?
Where is the hometown of Lee Jaesun?
What is the official language of Iran?
What is the difference between renewable and nonrenewable energy?
When was the Republic of Namibia founded?
What is the longitude of the ascending node of Hwaseong?
Which country did St. Paul die in?
Where on earth has the highest gravity?
When did Johann Sebastian Bach die?
Who was the first person to make an anatomical chart?
Where is the capital of Denmark?
What is the speed of smell?
How many countries have Christianity as their official religion?
Which country has had the most wildfires in 2018?
How many wars did Uruguay participate in historically?
How long did the American Civil War last for?
Who was the ruler of Mongolia in 2016?
At what age did Kim Jong-un become the leader of his country?
Where was the first dinosaur fossil discovered?
How many elements are in the table of elements?
As of 2019, what is the lightest handgun in the world?
Which place in South Korea has the most love locks?
Can we breathe with one functional lung?
When did Bonaventura die?
Are fossil fuels renewable energy?
Where is the birthplace of Arthur Schopenhauer?
As of 2019 how many countries have never participated in the World Cup?
Until 2019 what was the most popular Swedish movie?
What year did Steve Jobs die?
What is the difference between Conservatism and Socialism?
Who is the first Olympic gold medalist?
What is the political spectrum of the Nazis?
What is the capital of Egypt?
How fast does the Earth rotate?
When did Czechoslovakia go into exile?
How does Dengue fever spread?
Who was the leader of Joseon when it was invaded by Japan?
Which director produced the most films in 2019?
What time does the Hajj start in Mecca?
When was ASEAN founded?
What was the capital construction of Hanhwa Construction Co.?
What is the largest restaurant franchise in Boston?
What is the largest city in Oklahoma?
When does Liu Bei die?
Which Japanese ruler started the Japanese rule over Korea?
What is the tallest mountain in Turkey?
How many members founded the New Progressive Party?
What is the total area of Bulgaria?
Which teams reached the 2007 UEFA Champions League Finals?
What is the real name of Louis XV?
When did the first aviation accident occur?
What is the slogan for Australia?
Where is Egypt's capital?
Where is the mosque temple of Malaysia located?
Which building is the highest in Asia?
Is the hero Fionn mac Cumhaill originally a god of the ancient Celts?
What is the latest movie by Steven Spielberg?
How many large bridges are in London, United Kingdom?
When did the Edo period end?
Who first spread orientalism in the west?
How big is Venezuela?
What is the oldest mythology in the world?
What is the surface area of Europe?
Which country is the largest in the southwest Asia?
How big is the geographic area of Japan?
Which organ is the heaviest in a human's body?
When was the military of the USA organized?
When did Dharma Bara die?
Did dinosaurs really exist?
What is the most solid tree?
What is the average humidity in August in Venice?
When did the Battle of Shizugatake take place?
What year was the Playstation I launched?
Which train is the fastest in Japan?
Which word appears the most in the Bible?
Which area did the Sakuragichō train fire take place?
Which city in the USA had the highest crime rate in 2018?
Which city is the smallest in Australia?
How many castles are there in France?
Which language did German originate from?
Who was the first leader of Mexico?
What is the horoscope?
Which building was the tallest in the world in 2019?
Where was the Byzantine Empire located?
How many people were imprisoned in the Nazi concentration camps?
What is the second largest island in Japan?
Who invented the first computer vaccine?
What is the regular task of a commissioned officer?
Who is a major shareholder of Samsung in 2019?
When did Grant Henry Hill get married?
Who was the first engineer to make artificial textiles possible?
Where is the largest Catholic university in the world?
What year was Playstation released?
Which field received the most Nobel Prizes in the USA?
How big is the surface area of Iraq?
What was the result of the World War II?
Which political party was the Democratic Labor Party absorbed into after dissolution?
Who is the founder of Seoul Metro?
How many chapters does the Constitution of South Korea have?
Who is the CEO of Apple in 2019?
What is the movie distributing agency for Titanic?
Which city is the biggest in Poland?
Does Mandaeism believe in one god?
What is national defense reform?
What is the birthday of Boreum Kim?
Which team is the most frequently winning team in the English Premier League?
Which type of electronic device is used in electronic music?
In May 2019 as the standard, which soju was the most sold in Korea?
Which city is the smallest in Japan?
How many books does the Old Testament consist of?
Which application scored the most sales in the app store in 2018?
How many male universities are there in Japan?
What is the function of a cell?
What specific treatment has saved the most number of lives in history?
When did George Orwell die?
Does 1589 rebellion of Jeong Yeorip still exist in 2019?
Who invented the solar energy harvest?
When was Yonsei University established?
What percentage of the Earth's surface does the oceans make up?
How do you say food in Chinese?
As of 2018, which country has the shortest life expectancy?
Who was the first South Korean to achieve a gold medal in judo?
When was the National Institute of Korean Language established?
What is the largest joint venture in the world?
When did Pope John X become a pope?
Why was the US gun control law established?
In terms of tuition cost, where does Boston University rank in the USA?
Which US state has the most number of cities?
What is anatomy?
As of 2018, what is the primary language of Syria?
What is the acronym for air traffic control?
When was East Japan Railroad established?
Who was the first president of Japan?
What is the most common reason for abdominal pain?
What countries have only one main language?
As of 2019, what typhoon has caused the most damage in South Korea?
When did the Nazi collapse?
What is the largest river in Italy?
How many animal species do not have brains?
Which animal has the smallest population in the world?
What is the largest city in Ireland?
Who are the 1st same sex couple who were married?
Who proposed sasang constitutional diagnosis?
What is the difference between US pop music and Korean pop music?
What is the tallest building in North Korea?
What was the best selling manga book in Japan in 2018?
Do equality and democracy belong to the same group?
What is the largest nuclear plant in Asia?
What is the difference between flies and mosquitoes?
What is the largest chess piece in the world?
What is the first shrine to be established in Japan?
How many generals fought in the Battle of Changban?
Where is Mozart's birth home?
How many levels does the bone-rank system have?
What is the capital of Tunisia?
What are the coordinates of Finland?
What is the city with the highest population density in the world?
How long was Yugioh aired for?
What country has launched the most number of satellites into the space?
When did Namwoon Paek die?
Who was the youngest king of Joseon?
Which country produces the most bio fuels?
Which country has the tallest average height for both males and females?
What is the primary language of Tunisia?
What is the largest AIDS hospital in the world?
As of 2019, how many countries have royal families?
Which East Asian country has the highest GDP?
Which bank had the highest capital in 2018?
Is South Korea considered a plucentric language country?
What effect does erythropoietin deficiency have on human body?
Where was the first Olympics held in history?
How many Nobel Prizes has the US received by 2019?
Where is India's Muhammad Taj Mahal located?
What is the largest airport in Sweden?
What is the largest city in Egypt?
What type of bomb was used during the bomb terror?
In how many countries is methamphetamine legal?
What is the smallest country in Africa?
How many ancient pyramids exist in the world?
When did Tokugawa Ieyasu defeat Nobunaga?
What is Ottoman Empire's motto?
What university in Germany has the highest number of students?
Who was the 234th pope before Pope Urban II?
What is the largest city in Germany?
On what continent is Palestine located?
What management company is Sol Kyung-gu currently with?
How many people are needed for a basketball team?
Where did World War I start?
What is the land area of Providence?
What was the fastest hurricane in history?
How much does a table tennis racket weigh?
How many leaders of a country were assassinated in history?
What is the population of Sumer?
In what century did the founding of country Francia occur?
What was highest grossing musical in history?
How many countries have oil reserves?
How many Islams live in Turkey?
What is the capital of Qatar?
What is the British National Grid?
Where is the Toei Animation headquarters located?
How many people have a physical therapist license as of May 2019?
Which god in Greek mythology had the most authority?
What study has been around the longest in history?
At what age did Choe Ik-hyeon pass away?
What is the publication date of Trappe family's autobiography?
What is the smallest country in Asia?
What was the best-selling Japanese novel in South Korea as of 2019?
What is the queer theory?
Can paper be made without using wood?
When was the Coptic Orthodox Church established?
What are the Seven Wonders of the World?
Who was the first king of Wessex?
What was the population of Bangladesh in 2018?
What is the largest country in the world?
What are the advantages of low impact development?
When did German Chancellor Merkel become the chancellor?
In what year was the Bible first translated to Korean?
On what date did Korea launch 5G?
What is the land area of Suncheon Japanese Castle?
Where is the largest theological seminary located?
What are the Chinese characters for saiga and si?
Who is the police officer in Postal III?
Where is the grave for Minamoto no Yorimitsu?
What language is used by Mayo?
What are the telegraphs of the Boxers?
When did the Battle of Yeongdeok end?
How many mountains are in China?
Who was the second president of the US?
What is the largest research center in South Korea?
Where is Korea Research Institute of Standards and Science located?
How did sports originate?
When did Abe no Seimei die?
How big is Macedonia?
As of 2019, who has written the mist number of papers?
How can we treat polio virus?
Where was poetry invented?
What is the biggest castle in Italy?
What was the first smartphone to be released?
How many countries have direct flights to Germany?
Did Sevastopol succeed in his 1st offensive attack?
When did Leeha die?
Which country exports the most metals in the world?
What are the selection criteria for South Korean national team?
Who was the first person to receive gender reassignment surgery?
Which Canadian province has the lowest tax rate?
What is Kerr's show size?
In history, who is the person that served as pope the longest?
Who caused the civil war in Yugoslavia?
What is the world's largest natural history museum?
When was the weekly Teen Jump first published?
Which actor played V in V for Vendetta?
How many shoguns are in Japan?
Which country first started the stem cell research?
What is the average suicide rate in Japan?
Where is the South Korean Weather Institute located?
In terms of city size, where does Napoli rank in Italy?
When did East Francia collapse?
What is the smallest Italian state?
Which country has the lowest motor vehicle accident rate?
Which animal has the most number of limbs?
Did Joseon's land reformation succeed?
Where was Attica region located in the current map?
When did Liu Bei die?
As of 2019, how many Olympic medals have been won by Germany?
Which country has the highest crime rate in 2019?
Who was the first female president in history?
Who invented the lunar calendar?
Which European city has the largest surface area?
When is Hernan Cortes' birthday?
Which Japanese Era extends the longest?
What is the average flight time from Vietnam to South Korea?
When is Steven "Steve" McManaman's birthday?
What is the period of Technetium?
What is the world's largest natural history museum?
What is the radial speed of Maffei 1?
Does responsibility for security due to damage of rights refer to the responsibility with unstability of transferred rights?
Which dog breed is used for military purposes in Germany?
Which French region is home to the largest number of foreigners?
How long did World War 2 last?
What is the last book of the Bible?
Do the Vikings have religions?
Who did Francis Albert marry?
What is the background of the Puritan revolution?
How many countries have law schools?
How many World Cups has Spain won?
Who is the tallest person in the world in 2019?
Who was the leader of Canada in 2011?
What is the population of West Virginia?
What is the oldest football team in France?
Who was the last king of Geumgwan Gaya?
What year was Samsung Electronics established?
What was the longest war in history?
Which country exported the most amount of wine in 2018?
Where did the term "punic" from the Punic Wars originate from?
When was Tōdō Takatora born?
Who received the first Nobel chemistry prize?
How many times is the Sun larger than the Earth?
When was triceratops fossil first discovered?
When was the Darwin award first introduced?
Who is the chairman of the Korean National Revolutionary Party?
What is the purpose of the first non-government organization in South Korea?
Who is the current president of China?
Which state has the third smallest surface area in the USA?
What is water made of?
What is the largest light bulb in the world?
What is the official religion of Syria in 2018?
What are the coordinates of Dallas?
As of 2019, what is the most used artificial language?
Who is the current mayor of Hwasung?
Which country experienced the largest amount of development during the Renaissance?
Do cloud games and cloud robots use the same system?
Why did the Western powers demand Joseon to open its doors?
What are cheetahs' maximum speed in KM/H?
Until there is liquidation of the collateral of credit, the properties of the debtor or a 3rd party (guarantor) go into the creditor's possession to force liquidation of the debtors properties. When there is no liquidation of the collateral, what is the creditor's right to receive liquidation from other debtors?
Which academic discipline studies artificial languages?
What is East Germany's slogan?
When did the Indian Buddhism begin?
What does the acronym DNA stand for?
In terms of population size, where does the country of Buddhism rank?
How many events did the first Olympics have?
When was Cyropedia written?
Which South Korean ski center used the largest amount of artificial snow in 2018?
What is the largest theology university in South Korea?
What is the tallest building in Beijing?
How many leagues are in Japan?
As of 2019, what is the best selling role playing game?
How many episodes does Madman season 1 have?
Which mountain contains the highest number of ginseng?
What is the difference between syntax and grammar?
What is the tallest mountain in Switzerland?
Among ball games, which game has the longest play time?
What is the largest city in Russia?
What is the largest dolmen in the world?
How wide is the Lüshun Port?
What is Italy's oldest building?
Who is Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano's father?
When is the origin of the Valois family?
Can golf be included in the category of screen sports?
How many rivers are there in Japan?
What is the English name of spermatozoon?
How many books did Yi Sun-sin write?
Which company recorded the highest economic growth in 2018?
What is the biggest delivery company in Korea?
What is the first nuclear bomb ever made?
How do you make a waveguide?
What was the highest-rated episode of the Dr. Who series?
Who was the first actor to win an Oscar for Best Actor?
What is the largest library in Germany?
When's Sima's birthday?
Which country is made up of the most islands?
In what year was Hancom established?
Who is the first general in Kamakura?
What is the fastest plane in the world?
What is the biggest dome in Korea?
How far is Taurus constellation from Earth?
What is the smallest organ in the human body?
What is the debut song of the The Pussycat Dolls?
What is the most exported item from Sweden in 2018?
What is the largest export item from Sweden in 2018?
How many points did France lose to Senegal in 2002?
Who is the current president of ZDF?
What is the capital of Lithuania?
How many battles were there during the Civil War?
What period is the reign?
What is the largest island in the world?
What is Gautama Buddha called in the West?
How many World Cups has Italy hosted?
How many years was Hansung Electric Company established?
What is the largest communist country in the world?
What is the biggest cross in the Korean church?
Which company manufactures the most batteries in the world?
Who was the last leader of the Soviet Union?
Who is the composer of the Ristar the Shooting Star?
When did the philosopher Kierkegaard die?
What is the largest cat species?
Who founded the Tang Dynasty?
What kind of building is the German Parliament?
Who was the spouse of Tokugawa Ieyasu?
What is the difference between dictatorship and democracy?
Which university did Harold Lasswell graduate from?
What is the biggest flower in the world?
What is the capital of Macedonia?
What is the current population of Padua?
Who is the current queen of England?
As of 2019, which company has the largest branch in Malaysia?
Who is the current president of Belarus?
How many years ago did Time magazine start being published?
What's the number of Nopo Station?
When was the United Nations established?
What is the main purpose of the negotiating group?
What is the most profitable game character in Japan?
In what year was Seongho Lee Ik born?
Who was the founder of Anarchism?
What is the tallest mountain in Brazil?
How many countries speak Latin-based languages?
6.25 How many countries sided with South Korea during the Korean War?
When is Albert Einstein's birthday?
When did Stanley die?
Where is NASA headquarters located?
When did Gustaf VI Adolf die?
What Indian city has the lowest population density?
Why did Germany invade Poland?
What is the main purpose of Korea Securities Depository?
When was Pokemon first serialized?
As of May 2019, how many polar bears are there in the world?
What is Gugu's real name?
Why did the Western powers demand Joseon to open its doors?
Where in the US is the Fender instrument company located?
What was the reason for Jean Jaurès' death?
When were televisions distributed?
When did the Qing Empire being?
Where in South Korea was the first dinosaur fossil found?
How many countries have direct flights to the United Kingdom?
When was the blockchain technology invented?
What year was Hi-pass introduced?
What is the 2018 Seoul University Korean classical music entrance exam?
Which country has had the highest number of colonies in history?
What year was PSP first released?
Who was the first Korean Anglican to become parish of Seoul?
What is the tallest mountain in Canada?
How many cities are there in Switzerland?
How many fighter planes does the German air force own in 2019?
Who was the revolutionary in One Piece?
Which country had the highest pesticide use in 2018?
When did the ancient Rome collapse?
What is the largest baseball stadium in the USA?
How many countries are in North America?
When was Bocheonism established?
Who is the current prime minister of Poland?
Who was the 159th pope?
How many armed fighters were in Japan?
What is the largest fighter plane in the world?
AS of 2019, which vocalist performed the most?
Which shoemaker firm recorded the highest profit in 2018?
What is the difference between the Old Testament and the New Testament?
How many book did Nora Vincent publish?
What is the surface area of Canada?
When did Brusilov become a soldier?
When forced execution is order for failure to pay debt, how long does the forced execution last for?
When did the pope disband for the 2nd time?
When was Jin ramyeon launched?
Who is the mayor of Venice?
Who was the youngest person to give birth in 2018?
Where is the current president of Greece?
2018 Which country has the lowest GDP in Asia?
What is green sRGBB (r, g, b)?
Who is the leader of Canada in 2019?
When did Charles Cornwallis die?
Which scientist first discovered the ecosystem?
How many public parks are in the Netherlands?
When is Albert William "Al" Kaline's birthday?
What is the molecular weight of the CS gas?
How many undersea tunnels were there on Earth in 2019?
What is the biggest city in Iraq?
What are the coordinates of Taiwan?
How many countries use Persian as their national language?
Who was the person who made the Great Map of the East Land?
At what age did Kim Yuna compete in her first Olympics?
In what year did Red Velvet debut?
How long did the Siege of Sevastopol last?
Who was Germany's 10th vice-premier?
How many countries did the US used to have colonial rule over?
When did Peter Brian Gabriel release his first album?
What is Greece's rank in the world in terms of surface area?
How many breweries/distilleries are there in Korea?
How do you write 'expression rules' in English?
On what day was the first pro baseball team founded in Japan?
When was Johns Hopkins University built?
What is Loopy's hometown?
What is the distance between Japan and Korea?
In what year was the Sex Pistols formed?
What number president was President Kim Daejoong?
In which country was Mormonism started?
In what year did Yoon Dong-ju die?
Where does the Emperor of Japan live?
In how many countries are there Chinese embassies?
When was the remedy for chickenpox invented?
Starting when did rock and roll develop into the popular music genre of the US?
What is the longest snake in the world?
When did Jang Song-thaek die?
What is the English expression for "the end of the year and the beginning of the year"?
When was Hermann Hesse born?
Which film director has won the most awards in the world?
What is the biggest national park in the US?
What is the island in Japan where wars have happened the most?
How many countries are in Southeast Asia?
Which country won the Battle of Hadong?
What was Korea's first broadcasting company?
What is the name of the bird park in Singapore?
What was Korea's first sugar-manufacturing company?
What is Korea's surface area?
How many museums are there in Korea?
How many eras have there been in Japan until 2019?
Who was the singer who first debuted in the Neptunes?
How tall is the London Eye in the UK?
Who is the person who invented the heuristic method?
Who was the fifth president of the USA?
What is John Wilkes's academic background?
Who is the actor who appeared in the most movies in Hollywood in 2018?
What island in Japan has the lowest population density?
When were human rights invented?
What is the highest slide in the world?
In 2018, how many alcohol addicts were there in South Korea?
Who is the Korean singer who sold the most albums?
When did pneumonia first begin?
In which country's mythology does the centaur make an appearance?
What is the capital of Albania?
When was the downfall of the Jurchen people?
Who is Gustav Holst's daughter?
How many universities are there in France?
In what year was production of the jumper started?
What does 'fortunes and misfortunes' mean?
Who was the first president of the Republic of Korea?
What is the biggest painting in the world?
How many meters is Sanabria's best record?
What is the area of China?
What is the fastest ocean creature in the world?
How many Lord Protectors are there in the UK?
How many middle schools are there in Ireland?
Who is the first person who wrote the word Psycho-Pass?
What types of hobby lives are there?
Who is the person who got the most tunes onto the Billboard Top 100 until 2019?
What is the scientific name for dolphins?
Did Sin Don ever receive backing from King Gongmin?
Who was the first king of the Sui Dynasty of China?
Where is the world's top pro soccer?
What was the biggest war in the history of Canada?
Do lemons consist of vitamins?
How many countries are in Oceania?
In which region did the Battle of the Bulge take place?
When is Roger Bacon's birthday?
What is the biggest tidal power station in Korea?
Which episode registered the highest viewership rate in the Doctor Who series?
What position is right underneath the Chief Executive Officer?
Which dinosaur is the biggest among the dinosaurs?
Is the 2D Cartesian coordinate system called a coordinate plane?
What are Japan's geographical coordinates?
What is the biggest airline in the world?
Who is Pong's designer?
How was the first beer discovered?
In what year was the Great Wall of China built?
At what age did Moon Jae-in become president?
Which country possesses the most fighter jets?
On which sea did the most battles take place?
When did Pope Urban pass away?
Which actor starred in the most movies in Hollywood?
What is the biggest country in the world?
When did Wang Guowei die?
When did the Crusades happen?
What are the pros of robot surgery?
When was Max Weber born?
When did Yuan Shang die?
What is the nation of the Republic of Serbia?
What was the first movie that was produced by Paramount Pictures?
How many wars have happened in Italy?
What is the diameter in kilometers of Earth?
In what year was the White House made?
In what year did Stevie Wonder get married?
Which country has the highest proportion of Buddhists relative to the population?
What are the benefits of joining the Schengen Treaty?
When did Cho Hyuil come back to Korea?
What are the characteristics of the social recognition learning theory model?
Who is the leader of Uzbekistan in 2019?
When did the Holy Mother Mary die?
Which typhoon was the largest in the world until 2019?
How many types of voices are there?
What is the biggest island in New Zealand?
When was the period in which the Ottoman Empire fell into ruin?
How many volcanoes are there in Korea?
What is Ethnikos?
At what age did Gengis Khan die?
In what year did Boohwal debut?
Where is Charles I's burial ground?
When will World War III happen?
Among Japan's premiers, who was the premier who achieved the most economic growth?
What is the tallest building in Gettysburg?
What is the biggest city in Italy?
What is the oldest pottery in Korea?
Who was the major shareholder of Samsung Electronics in May 2019?
In hanafuda, does January mean neo-Confucian?
What is the definition of ionization?
When is Hira Tetsuo's birthday?
Where is the Financial Supervisory Service of Korea?
What was the biggest alliance in the world in 2019?
Over how many countries did Japan have colonial rule in history?
When did the Kingdom of the Franks fall?
What was Eminovici's first work?
What is the capital of North Korea?
What is the biggest city in Norway?
What is patriarchy?
Who is the current president of Greece?
Can alligators live both on land and in water?
What is the total population of Slavs?
Since when did the term BDSM come into use?
In the Three Kingdoms Era, what country was centered around Luoyang Castle?
Which constellation is made up of the highest number of stars?
What is the biggest goddess statue in the world?
In how many countries is Christianity the state religion?
When did Wall Street become the center of finance?
When did the Republic of Korea make a declaration of independence?
To exactly how many years ago are we referring with the Late Cretaceous Period?
Which country exported the most automobiles from Germany in 2018?
What city in Poland has the lowest population density?
When did the US Civil War end?
How many states are in the Northern US?
Who invented the first bomb?
In Korea's elementary schools in 2019, how many subjects in total were studied for 6 years?
How many countries are there in the Middle East?
As of May 2019, who is the tallest person in the world?
What was the fastest airplane in the world in 2018?
What is the smallest city in Bangladesh?
What is the population of Ethiopia?
What is the gauge of a copper wire?
How many cities are there in the state of Florida?
How many elementary schools are there in France?
Is the zodiac content that is based on astrology?
How many people committed suicide in Korea in 2018?
Who was the first person to reach the summit of Mt. Everest?
Who is the supreme prophet of Muslims?
What is the biggest baseball in the world?
When was Dharma Vara born?
How many wars happened in the Joseon Era?
How many people died in the Sakura Basics incident?
Where is the headquarters of Naver?
Where did Steve Jobs die?
Who was the person who invented sundials?
How do you write 'communism' in English?
What is the largest, most observable star?
What type of liquor was sold the most in 2018?
What is the surface area of Rome?
What is the religion of the highest proportion in Japan?
Who was the President of Italy in 1960?
What is the name of the river of the smallest surface area in Russia?
When was Rigveda Wiki established?
What is the smallest city in Romania?
When were Air Jordans first released?
What is the official language of American Samoa?
How many times has Italy won the World Cup?
What is the largest zoo in Japan?
When was Wikipedia founded?
What are the components of an atomic bomb?
Who made the first browser tab?
Who is the mayor of Seogwipo City in 2019?
When was the coronation of Henry VIII?
What is the largest rose festival in South Korea?
When did the Korean War go into armistice?
Who was the president of the United States in 1810?
How do you write the Product Liability Act in Chinese characters?
How many muscles are in the human body?
How many planets in the solar system are habitable for humans?
What is the largest university in Austria?
What is the divorce rate in Japan 2018?
When did the Apollo 12 take off?
What is the largest city in Greece?
What is the longest novel in Japan?
What is the capital of Somalia?
How many post-secondary institutions are in Germany?
What is the first highway in South Korea?
In 2019, which religion has the largest percentage of adherents in the world?
Who conducted the most concerts in the world?
What year did Hwang Jung-eum get married?
How largest in Belgium is the city of Waterloo?
When is the birthday of Kant?
What is the difference between the Hajj and the Umrah?
What was the population of Tohoku in 2018?
When did Nelle Harper Lee pass away?
As of May 2019, what is the most expensive Gundam model?
Which Japanese city has had the most tourists in 2018?
How much was 201 sold?
What years do the Sengoku period refer to?
When was the Bible translated into English?
When was the Grande Armée formed?
Who quelled the Shinchuk uprising?
How does exposure to radiation affect the human body?
What is the license number of Linux?
How large is the island of Hashima?
What year was Adobe released?
What is the most expensive building in China?
What was the first opera to be performed in the world?
What is the longest train in the world?
Which country did the ballet first start in?
Which year did the MLB first start?
What is the largest national treasure of the Republic of Korea?
Who was the longest-reigning monarch in France?
What were the achievements of Einstein?
Where did the names of hurricanes originate from?
What is the tallest building in Zagreb?
What long was the Panzer Lehr Division active for?
Who was the first president of India?
Where is the largest city in Brazil?
What were the accomplishments of Phan Thanh Giản?
Which person has the largest amount of land in the world?
Which country has the highest GDP in East Asia?
Who coined the term liberalism?
When did the Beatles break up?
Who was the first cardinal of the Catholic Church in France?
How do you say "eat" in Chinese?
What is the highest-rated program in ABC's history as of 2019?
How far is it from Mumbai to London?
Which publisher published the 2019 elementary school moral book?
Which country imported the most fighter jets in 2018?
In which city is the White House located?
What is Armenia's GDP?
Who is the first director of Dr. Slump TV animation?
Who has won the most Golden Globe awards as of 2019?
How many years was Tunku in power?
Who was the president of Syria in 2019?
Was Homer married?
What is the English name for broadband?
Which album set the highest sales record among Yoo Jae-ha's albums?
Who first discovered the Milky Way?
What is the maximum speed of the Hanwa Line?
What is the largest city in Paraná, Brazil?
In what countries is high school education mandatory?
What is the most popular Korean game in China?
What is the national anthem of Austria?
How many beaches are there in Australia?
How much is the fare for the Madrid subway?
How many disciples of Jesus were there in the Bible?
What was the most popular movie in Malaysia in 2018?
What is the first instrument used in Mesopotamia?
What is the most valuable currency in Asia?
What was the company that designed the Call of Duty?
What is the difference between conservatism and communism?
How far is Kyoto to Tokyo?
Who is the current president of Korea Railroad Corporation?
How many constellations can be observed from Earth?
Under what circumstances are inertial measuring devices used?
What is the GDP of Uzbekistan?
Where are the origins of Vajrayana and Mithra?
How many endangered animals are there as of 2019?
What is the biggest typhoon that occurred in Korea as of 2019?
What is the cure for cervical cancer?
What is the first country that humans founded?
When was the word advertising first used?
Who was the first woman to go to the moon?
Was the first edition of the ISO 8601 standard released in 1988 as ISO 8601:1988?
What percentage of the human brain is not used?
What is Hong Kong's capital?
What is the population of Portugal?
At what age did Edison die?
What is the difference between Scotland English and American English?
Who does the production of the Asphalt Man?
When was Warcraft II: Tides of Darkness developed?
Which country is director Christopher Nolan from?
What is the name of the secret scripture?
How many adults are recognized in the Roman Catholic Church?
What is the tallest building in Bali?
Why was the convention dissolved?
What is the official website of Oculus Rift?
What is Kwon Tae-hong's hometown?
When did Roh Tae-woo get elected president?
What is the largest bus in America?
Who is the 42nd President of the United States?
What is the theory that cytoplasm, which has cystic fibrosis, comes from a red growth plant with a cyst?
What is the largest skateboard in the world?
Among the existing guitar brands, which brand has been around the longest?
Where is the Benedictines located?
What is the process for the annual general meeting?
Who owns the copyright for Mickey Mouse in 2019?
What are the disadvantages of pilates?
What is the largest wind electric generator in the world?
What is the last book of the Bible?
Are there any wild wolves in South Korea?
Where is Paul meet Jesus?
As of 2019, which president has been involved in most number of wars?
What was the best selling German car in 2018?
What is the largest trade union in South Korean history?
What is the difference between modern cryptography and ancient cryptography?
How many bridges are on the Amrok river?
What university was the inventor of Heuristics affiliated with?
How many dioseces make up South Korean churches?
Which region experienced the most drastic desertification in 2018?
What is the tallest building in Turkey?
Who is the third producer of Top Gear?
What is the worldview of World of Warcraft?
What country did general Cao Cao belong to?
How many books does the Old Testament consist of?
When was NBA established?
When did Dongin Kim die?
When did Canada obtain independence?
What is the best selling electronic dictionary in the world?
Which wine has the highest alcohol percentage?
When was Mitsubishi founded?
Is crowd sourcing a method of utilizing long tail phenomenon?
Which South Korean group was the first to be called "idol"?
What is the largest dictionary in the world?
What is the oldest relic in the world?
In what countries is high school education mandatory?
As of June 2019, how many military personnel are in South Korea?
What is the number of Muslims in Berlin?
How many prefectures are in Japan?
What is the surface area of Ireland?
Which position in the Catholic church has the most authority?
What is the chemical symbol for potassium?
How is wine brewed?
AS of 2018, how many games has SNK designed?
How many comic books are there for Yugioh?
What is the largest state in France?
What was the first ramyeon to be released in South Korea?
Which movie has the longest production time in the world?
What is the largest architecture in the world?
From the list of US presidents, how many presidents have been assassinated?
When was Barnard's star discovered?
As of 2019, how many World Cups has Russia participated in?
As of 2019, which year has experienced the worst yellow dust?
Gala Inc. in 2018 What is the gross profit?
As of June 2019, how many pastors are in South Korea?
Who is the current party chairman of South Hamgyong?
What is the range of the Zika virus?
Where does the emperor of Japan live?
How big is Scotland?
Which typhoon has caused the most damage in history?
Which foods cause erectile dysfunction?
As of 2019, how many countries are allies of Germany?
Which computer vaccine program recorded the highest profit in 2018?
How big was the first cement company in South Korea?
As of 2019, which actor starred in the most number of Hollywood movies?
Is "jungchi" a new Chinese character based word invented during the Meiji era by the Japanese?
As of 2019, what is the largest typhoon in history?
How many times is the moon smaller than the Earth?
What is the surface are of Taiwan?
Who was the king of Byzantine empire during the fall of Constantinople?
How tall is David Keith Stewart?
What was the outcome of Naechon-Taereung battle?
When was the South Korean 10th presidential elections?
When did France join OECD?
What year did Jaein Moon become president?
Does Malaysia own nuclear weapons?
What is the difference between lunar calendars and Islam calendars?
Which country produced the most bananas in 2018?
When was Zoroastrianism established?
Who has emperor with the longest ruling years in history?
What is a chromatography method using chromatography papers?
How many countries speak Arabic as their official language?
Who is the current chief conductor of Vienna Philharmonic Orchestra?
What year did Mormonism begin?
What is Imagawa Yoshimoto's hometown?
Why did the grocery costs drastically rise?
What year did LG produce their first mobile phone?
What number is the current emperor in 2019?
What caused the Gwangju Student Independence Movement?
Who made the Al Quran?
As of 2019, what is the most expensive plastic model?
Who made the first world map?
What is the tallest mountain in Syria?
As of 2019, how many countries have never experienced a financial crisis?
How many cities does Australia have?
What meat has the highest protein to gram ratio?
At what age did Aristotle die?
Does gender refer to the biological differentiation between male and female?
How are tornadoes created?
What is an ion?
Who was the first author of the Bible?
When was Adventure Time first aired?
How many official religions are there in South Korea?
How many countries can be reached by car from Vietnam?
What country is the movie director Jonathan Demme from?
Which province in Canada has the highest tax rate?
Why did the conservative party and the liberal democratic party reach an union agreement?
What is the largest thermal power station in the world?
Who was the founder of Oxford University?
Who invented prism?
How is the president of the World Bank elected?
Who invented the heavy crane?
When was Fiat M13/40 first manufactured?
What year did baseball first become a part of Olympics sports?
Which conductor arranged the most songs?
Who is the State Counselor of Myanmar?
Who was the first person to discover fossils?
Who invented the screen door?
How many cases of violence on step-children were there in South Korea in 2018?
When was the opening day of the ZDF broadcasting company?
Which bird in the world flies for the longest?
Did the tissue development evolve through applying behavioral science's theoretical knowledge and research methods to the tissue's environment?
Who was the leader that stayed in the leadership position for the longest time in China?
How is a sword made?
Which company raised the most net revenue in South Korea in 2018?
How many countries are in Asia?
What is the capital of Belarus?
How many theories are still not proven in 2019?
As of 2019, how many astrologists have received the Nobel Prize?
Where was the first colony of England?
In May 2019 as the standard, how many corporations were there in South Korea?
Which island is the smallest in the Pacific Ocean?
Until 2019, what was the magnitude of the strongest earthquake in Japan?
How many songs did Ride release until 2019?
What is the biggest cross in the world?
How many pages are in "Discipline and Punish: The Birth of the Prison?"
Where on earth is the gravity the lowest?
Which lake is the biggest in Denmark?
Which country is the most advanced in research for medicine for hair loss?
How high is the highest point in the Korean Peninsula?
What is the main reason for the war between Israel and Palestine?
Who is the person that made the Tercio?
When did Korea become Japan's colony?
When did Parasitic Houseguest start being published serially?
How many nuclear power plants are in South Korea?
In India, how many cultural heritages are there that are recognized by UNESCO?
How many countries can one go directly from Germany?
When did the disaster of Sinking of MV Sewol take place?
Where did the Battle of Ramillies take place?
In history, which country did the first atomic bomb fall on?
How many countries in the United Nations General Assembly agree on human rights?
In 2018, how many Christians were in the Middle East?
Where is Belarus located?
Where is the location of the Court of Justice of the European Union?
What is the launch weight of the Hubble Space Telescope?
When did the Cambrian Period start?
When was Will Field born?
Which country in the world has the lowest population?
What was the common language in the Kingdom of Pontus?
What is the state religion of the Republic of Florence?
How many times did Germany participate in the World Cup?
Is Cheonggaegong Jujam the Song Dynasty's Yu Xin?
How many books in total are the gospel?
How many countries belong to Latin America?
Until 2019, how many albums did Kiha & The Faces release?
When will Geunhye Park first be locked up in prison?
What was the reason for the kidnapping of Kim Dae-jung?
When did the construction of the Basilica di San Giovanni in Laterano become complete?
How many employees worked for Pixar in 2019?
What is the average annual maintenance cost for a nuclear reactor?
Who was the first ruler of the Soviet Union?
Who was the first president of Australia?
What is the most densely populated city in Germany?
How many countries speak Greek as their primary language?
Who was the leader of Ireland in 2019?
Where does the Indian Ocean originate?
What South Korean city has the highest number of elementary schools?
How many public parks are in Australia?
How many violent criminals were arrested in the United States in 2019 by genetic testing?
Who was the 1st president in South Korea?
What is the largest palace in the world?
As of 2019, who was the youngest to be appointed as a pope?
What was the relationship between Hitler and Himmler?
How many kinder gardens are in France?
How many countries did the Ottoman empire conquer?
How many employees did Samsung have in 2018?
How many religions are in India?
Who was the president of South Korea in 1998?
How many types of rice are there?
Sociology was influenced by which branch of science?
As of 2019, who owns the most number of Gundam plastic models?
What is the largest lake in Argentina?
Which Australian city has the highest population density?
What continent does Slovakia belong to?
What country installed the first subway?
Does the brain control movement, behavior and manages homeostasis?
When did Elizabeth I come into power?
Who was the president of South Korea during Gwangju Uprising?
In what year was the first car developed?
What currency is used in Armenia?
What is the name of the formula that describes the movements of the electric field, magnetic field and electric charge?
Which country has the highest arrest rate in 2018?
What is the origin of Seoul station?
How many couples got married in South Korea in 2018?
Which vitamin cannot be made within by the human body?
How many countries are within the same timezone as South Korea?
What are the disadvantages of Sinocentrism?
When did the Kamakura period begin?
Which restaurant business has recorded the highest profit in 2018?
Among the South Korean highways, which is the 1st highway?
As of May 2019, what is the population of Falkland Islands?
What is the oldest army unit in South Korea?
What is the first all-female university in Japan?
What is the first humanoid in history?
As of 2019, what is the lightest laptop?
As of 2019, what is the most common last name in Japan?
What is Intel's profit in 2018?
Which country was victorious in the Ormok bay battle?
What is the current population of Geneva?
What is it called when a company claims their own shares based on their own calculations?
What is the longest move series in the world?
What continent does Turkey belong to?
Who is the chief justice of South Korea in 2019?
In Gundam, what are robots called?
What currency is used in Hungary?
As of May 2019, how many South Korean nationals reside in Philadelphia?
How many craters does the moon have?
In what year was the 1st computer hacking competition held?
During the Battle of Sarhu, who was the emperor of the Ming dynasty?
How many languages are spoken in the world?
When was the Greek football association established?
How many shares were issued by Samsung in 2018?
What is the US special force?
What is the name of the first novel written by Hermann Hesse?
Where is the pope's official residence?
Which animal has the smallest brain?
What was the first imported item to reach South Korea?
What continent does Tunisia belong to?
How big is the People's Republic of China?
When was the latest version of Windows released?
What state does the prefecture of Kumamoto belong to?
When was the remedy for chickenpox invented?
When was the UN formed?
How many nuclear generators are in the USA?
Where is the oldest church in Spain?
What is the altitude of Rome?
How many countries participated in World War 2?
What was the South Korean crime rate in 2018?
What number son of Hera is Hercules?
What is the average life expectancy for wolves?
What is the largest cat in the world?
Which type of sugar has the highest sweetness content?
What is the highest point of Illinois?
Which woman has given birth to the largest number of children simultaneously?
Who is the mayor of Kobe?
As of 2019, how many games has EA released?
What is Einstein's IQ?
Which country has the highest number of murder?
When was USS General Sherman built?
How many people passed the real estate broker test in 2018?
How many nephews/nieces does the person with highest number of nephews/nieces have in 2019?
How is a typhoon formed?
How many presidents were not able to serve full term in history?
How many casualties were there after the armistice of Korean War?
In 2019, where do Dutch Americans reside?
Who is the current president of Portugal?
Who was the first person to spread Catholicism in South Korea?
Which man has the largest penis in the world?
When was Captain America first serialized in Marvel?
When did John R. Hodge join the military?
How many battles did Guan Yu's troop participate in?
How long did Thomas Jefferson serve as president?
What Western culture was first introduced to Joseon?
When did the Cold War begin?
Where was the movie 300 filmed?
Who is the pianist that composed the most number of songs in history?
How many islands are there in the Atlantic Ocean?
Which country won the 2002 World Cup?
As of 2019, which pirate has caused the most damage?
In what year did the first Mr Olympia bodybuilding contest take place?
What is the smallest city in South Korea?
What was the top-selling camera throughout 2018?
Does the gas in Jupiter have the possibility to explode?
What is a doctrine?
Why did King Taejo of Goryeo name his country as Goryeo?
How large is the Republic of Korea?
What evidence points to the existence of dracotaurs?
Which department of the court oversees civil and commercial law?
Who was the youngest king in the Kingdom of Joseon?
Who argued about the meaning of the term 'Hongik Ingan'?
What year did Kerr retire?
Has the last volume of the Major been released?
What is the ICD-9 code for infectious diseases?
How does the G protein affect the human body?
Who was the leader of the Republic of Korea in 2013?
When was the capital of the Netherlands decided upon?
How largest is Russia in terms of largest countries?
When did Jo Hyeon-woo join the Korean national football team?
When did the Heian period start?
Who was the successor to King Seondeok?
What was the top-selling novel in Japan up to 2019?
How many series of Dragon Ball has been released up to 2019?
J. R. R. When is the birthday of J. R. R. Tolkien?
How many five-star hotels are there in Spain?
How many countries are in Eastern Europe?
Why did Joshua receive the award for the first time?
Who discovered the Corona Borealis?
Which country has had the highest suicide rate in 2018?
Until 2019, how many letters were the longest typhoon name consisted of?
Are nuclear weapons legal in the United States?
What year did the Battle of Gettysburg occur?
When did the Eritrean War of Independence occur?
What is the average lifespan of a wild boar?
As of May 2019, how many political parties are there in South Korea?
How many post-secondary institutions are there in Pavia?
Who is the leader of Canada in 2019?
When did the Kerbal Space Program start releasing?
How does glucose affect the human body?
What is the area code for Pavia?
What do 'Earthly Delights' mean?
When is the release date of Comedy Central in America?
How many nations participated in the Second World War?
What year was Brazil's Christ the Redeemer built?
Which country is Jerry Garcia from?
Who commanded the Normandy Landings?
Which country has the highest production of honey?
Who received the Brave Citizen Award in 2018?
What is the Gross National Product of the U.K.?
Who is the founder of Intel?
Which country has the most churches?
How many species of animals live in the Taiga region?
What is the order of circulation for red blood cells?
How many churches in the United States were named after saints?
Where is the SBS broadcasting station located currently?
As of May 2019, how many people live in Michigan?
What are the official languages of the European Union?
When did the Kim Jong-un regime begin?
What is hemophilia?
When did the Nazi regime collapse?
Where is the capital of the United Kingdom?
How many countries participated in Operation Malaya?
When did Michael Jackson perform in South Korea?
How did Austria become famed for its music?
When did the Second World War start?
When did the father of Spinoza pass away?
What is the largest gulf in the world?
How long are the lifespans of mythical dragons?
Which country has the highest rate of sex slaves?
How many cities are in Oklahoma?
Why did the Republic of China occupy Outer Mongolia?
What is the largest muscle in the human body?
Up until 2019, what was the largest photo exhibition in history?
What do your organs say about you?
Which child sex offender has received the highest sentence in history?
What is the largest cave in the world?
Who is the current prime minister of Italy?
What are the treatment methods for malaria?
What is the largest speaker in South Korea?
Who developed penicillin?
What was the first car to be manufactured in South Korea?
When is the birthday of Roger II?
How many rivers are there in China?
Do the Jianzhou Jurchens still exist in Western Beizhen of the city of Jianzhou?
When did the Winter War end?
How many schools of business administration are there at Kyung Hee Cyber University?
What is the official language of Spain?
How many species of animals can change color?
In 2018, which artist performed the most concerts within Japan?
Up until 2019, who was the longest-serving cardinal?
What is the largest lake in the United States?
Who is the leader of Mongolia in 2019?
Where is the grave of Yamauchi Kazutoyo?
When was Daewoo Motors established?
How much is Indonesia's currency?
How many heads of state have been assassinated in history?
Where is the habitat of the Eurasian wolf?
What is the oldest football team in France?
When was the Three Mile Island Nuclear Generating Station founded?
Which country benefited the most from the First World War?
Which country has the smallest population in Europe?
How many public holidays are there in the United States?
How many cities are there in the state of Utah?
Which city has had the most earthquakes in Japan?
When did Somalia have its second constitutional amendment?
What is the largest national park in the world?
Which fruit has the most sugar content?
When is the birthday of Charles de Gaulle?
Which country was the Puritan denomination founded?
How many Olympics were hosted in Japan?
As of 2019, what is the most expensive game console in the world?
Who was the first person to receive a university education?
What is secreted by the pancreas?
Which country made the most money through modern science?
What were the two objects that Galileo Galilei dropped?
What is 3D?
What is the largest hillfort in South Korea?
What is the equation for differentiation?
What is the original work behind the drama Misaeng?
How do you say 'I love you' in Chinese?
What studies do astrologers usually do?
Who was the leader in South Korea in 2009?
When did the Iron Age end?
What is the capital of Rome?
Which type of fish is most frequently caught in South Korea's coasts?
What is the land area of the city of Smolensk?
What planet that can be observed from Earth is the furthest away?
Which countries are ruled by dictatorship?
What is the regional dialect of Daegu?
Which US state issues the most prison sentences to young adults?
What is the official language of Austria?
When was Disneyland established in the US?
Who is the head of state in Greece?
What country is the golden retriever breed originally from?
What is the largest port in the world?
On a theoretical basis, which matters, in its regular state, does the law of conservation of mass not apply?
What is the longest battle in history?
When was Suwon Hwaseong built?
Is Jack the Ripper a legend?
In history, what cyclone caused the most amount of damage?
When did Seoul become the capital?
How many churches are in Germany?
What is the first album of 45 RPM?
How many professional baseball teams exist as of May 2019?
In history, what was the largest cyclone?
How many subsidiaries does Hyundai have?
What is the largest constellation in the world?
What is the official language of Argentina?
When was Song Si-yeol born?
What is the main religion of South Africa?
Why did war between England and France break out?
Who is the creator of Mona Sax?
How much DNA does a human have?
When did Pope Urban V pass away?
How many colleges are in Japan?
What country in the world was colonized for the longest period of time?
How many Korea Bibles have been sold by 2019?
Which country invented chess?
What was the highest building in Thailand as of 2018?
What is the largest building in Shanghai?
What was the largest lake in Thailand as of 2018?
Which construction company in South Korea built the most number of buildings?
Can cancer be treated?
How many people escape North Korea and defect to South Korea in 2018?
What political party succeeded Bolsheviks?
Who was the first inventor of the typewriter?
What is the population of Orsha?
What genre is Ristar the Shooting Star?
What is Clube Atlético Mineiro's nickname?
Are cows feared by Hindus?
What is the thickest book int he world?
What is the oldest building in Spain?
Which side won the Sino-Japanese War?
Which country has hosted the highest number of World Cups?
Which dining establishment has the largest number of franchises?
How many naval ships does the Japanese navy have?
What is the sport with the longest playing time in the world?
When did Choe Yong-gon, a Korean independence activist, pass away?
What is the address of LG Chem Ltd. Headquarters?
What is the latest cancer treatment where a photosensitizer is injected into cancer cells and laser light irradiation is used to selectively kill only cancer cells?
How old is the planet Venus?
How many countries did not participate in World War 2?
Who was the 1st president of Palestine?
What year was the first Macintosh released?
Who invented the space rocket?
Who was the victor of the 30 year war?
What was East Roman empire's slogan?
Who was the first person to be registered as an intangible cultural property through the practice of calligraphy?
When did the Tang dynasty collapse?
Which Dr Who episode has the highest number of views?
Although Japan lost a war, how did it achieve such a fast development?
How many elementary schools are in the United Kingdom?
What is the oldest baseball team in South Korea?
What is the population of Hawaii in 2018?
When was authorization certificate first introduced in South Korea?
What is the Albanian Empire's slogan?
Which publisher published "On the Origin of Species"?
Did realism break into different branched under Aristotle?
When did the Korean Empire gain independence?
Which Spanish city had the lowest crime rate in 2018?
What is the hardest muscle in the human body?
When did Johan start a coup d'etat?
What is the longest battle in history?
How many people were affected by the bomb terrorism?
How many universities are in Manila?
Why did war between England and France break out?
As of May 2019, what company produces the most types of ramyeons?
Until when was the Scottish Empire an independent entity?
What is the first astronomical telescope in history?
As of May 2019, which country is the most expensive to fly to from South Korea?
What is the smallest city in Brazil?
How many countries are in Europe?
Who was the 2nd president of the USA?
When did the Qing dynasty collapse?
What is the first motor vehicle company in South Korea?
What is antineutron?
What is the biggest star that can be seen from Earth?
When was Wikipedia established?
What is the largest constellation that can be observed from Earth?
As of 2019, where is the Japan self-defence force headquarters located?
Which team has won the most number of League of Legends World Championships?
When did Louis XVI become king?
How many foreign nationals have obtained Italian citizenship in 2018?
What mammals lay eggs?
What is the first country in Asia?
When is Matthew Ridgway's birthday?
Which country exports the largest amount of wine in the world?
How many different types of beans are there in the world?
How many countries practice Islam as their official religion?
What is the surface area of Manchuria?
When was the Korea National Sport University founded?
Did the Anglican church improve the unique viewpoint on the authority that supports Christianity in the right way?
Does the triangle of Bermuda really exist?
Does a planet with an identical environment to that of Earth exist in the Sombrero Galaxy?
Which essay was the most sold in the world?
Which agency in Japan has the most artists?
What is the diameter of the Sun?
Which author in the United States of America wrote the most number of books?
How many tourists visited South Korea in 2002 for the World Cup?
How many combat planes does the South Korean Air Force own?
Which country in Central Asia has the biggest surface area?
How long was the term in office of the Italian governor of Provence?
What is Disney Land's website?
Which area in the UK has the most rainfall?
When did Michael Jackson debut?
Who is the 80th Pope?
When did the professional baseball's history begin in Japan?
Did Li Bai have a son?
Which medicine saved the most number of lives as of 2019?
Who is the founder of the Eurasian Economic Union?
What is the most sold model of Mitsubishi Motors in 2018?
What is the abacus made of?
Which area in the Philippines has the highest population density?
Which nut has the lowest calories?
When was the Hertzsprung–Russell diagram designed?
How many high schools are there in Austria?
Which area sees the most hurricanes?
Who made the Meister system?
How much assets does the Squad have?
Who was the leader of Finland in 2019?
What is the biggest bone in a human body?
Why did the Soviet Union go into the Cold War state with the USA after the World War II?
What is the biggest state in Russia?
What is the college entrance exam called?
Where does a gisaeng fall into in the social class system in South Korea?
When was France established?
Which year did the Yayoi period begin?
When was the Duchy of Bavaria established?
What is the biggest black hole discovered until 2019?
Which year did Shimazu Yoshihiro die?
What is the official religion of Amsterdam?
In which UN report did the word "sustainable development"   first appear?
When is the birthday of Emperor Taizong of Tang or Li Shimin?
At what age did Hannibal become a general?
Can big data be made to be more efficient using ontology?
How many cities does the Great Britain-Ireland United Kingdom comprise?
Which constellation is seen for a shortest amount of time?
Where does Indonesia rank in the world in terms of population?
Which city is the smallest in France?
Which active volcano is the biggest in the world?
In 2015, which country is number one in global trade export?
Which antibiotic was the most sold until 2019?
Which side won the War of 1812?
What is Brandon Belt's nationality?
Who was the 10th president of Korea?
What is the tallest tree in the world?
When did the Soviet Union disband?
What is the average life span of a lizard?
Which actor appeared in the most movies up until 2019?
Who is the director of Mulan?
What was the largest park in London as of 2018?
Which city has the lowest population density in the world?
Who invented the first computer vaccine?
How many over-the-counter home runs were there in MLB in 2018?
When did Christiaan Huygens get married?
What is the content of 'Structure of Science Revolution'?
Which sold more -- Xbox or PlayStation?
Which zodiac sign consists of the most stars?
Which building was the tallest in the world in 2018?
What is South Africa's GDP?
How many people wrote the Bible?
Which countries import the most heavy metals in the world?
Since when did the Earth exist?
What is identity in English?
What is the confirmation of death?
Who was the Japanese Emperor during the Heian period when Kiyomori was active?
As of May 2019, to which company the highest number of artists belong to?
As of May 2019, what was the most wheeled vehicle in the world?
Who maintained the throne for the longest time in China?
Which country introduced baseball for the first time?
What kind of island is Kurihama Port?
What is the oldest football team in Germany?
Who organized the Black Marks Party?
What currency is used in Georgia?
Which city is the biggest in the state of Georgia?
In what year was the Eiffiel Tower built?
What is the tallest building in Yongsan-gu?
When was the construction of the Opera House in Australia completed?
When did Michael Jackson first make his debut?
Which company made the Shinkansen N700 series electric car?
Which country has the most number of football teams?
What was the most successful movie in Korea in 2018?
Who was the president of England in 1897?
How many Nazi concentration camps were there?
What is the surface area of Cambodia?
How big is the Caspian Sea?
Who revived the Renaissance movement?
How many countries participated in World War I?
What is the official language of the Mycenaean civilization?
When was Yuan Shao born?
How many Hollywood actors are from England?
When did the Aztec civilization begin?
Which team was the first to win the KBO League?
Who was the first to become the youngest pope in history by 2019?
Which country did the Potomac Army belong to?
When did professional football in Spain begin?
As of May 2019, how many hours was the maximum labor hour in Korea?
What year did the game <Civilization> get released?
When did Malaysia's metro bus first start operating?
What was the name of Kwon Je's mother?
What city was visited the most by tourists in Italy in 2018?
What was Japan's first era?
Who was the leader that stayed in the leadership position for the longest time in the world?
When did Ewha Hakdang change its name to Ewha Womans University?
Which country in Northern Africa has the highest population?
How many countries does the Rhine pass?
What was Argentina's FIFA ranking in 2019?
What is the surface area of Osan?
Which opera was performed the most in history?
What was the policy initiated by Heungsun-Daewongoon?
When did the U.S. Republican Party form?
Who led the Nazi Germany?
What is the real name of Satoshi Nakamoto?
How many leaders have been assassinated in history?
How many countries is the United States Armed Forces an ally of?
Where is the starting point of Yongsan Station?
Which tribe is the Germanic race the root of?
Who was the longest ruling king in China?
Who was the president of China in 2002?
What is the oldest animation in the world?
What is the comic book with the most sales in Japan up until 2019?
How many monks burned themselves to death?
Do zinc air batteries basically have the composition of alkaline batteries?
How long is the Chongchon River?
Who was the king to expand the territory of Goguryeo the most?
Who was the first king of East Francia?
Is there a link between operational conditioning and Pavlov's dog experiment?
What is the acidity of soy sauce?
Where is Thomas Samuel Khun's birthplace?
Where is the biggest concert hall in Korea?
What is the genre of Doctor Who?
What is the CAS number for moisture?
Where is the shrine of Guisilboksin?
What is the difference between borderline personality disorder and schizoid personality disorder?
Who first devised the memory management technique?
Why is sociology important?
Which country had the highest plastic usage in 2018?
What is the name of Heisenberg's article on quantum mechanics?
Which soccer field is the largest in Japan?
When was Johann Sebastian Bach born?
Which leader in the world executed the most people?
What is the online game that has been running for the longest time?
By which king was the Palace of Versailles in France built?
When was the Korean flag created?
Which battle was won with the least damage in the world?
When did Madero die?
When did the Republic of El Salvador become independent from Mexico?
What city was the first to be colonized by Germany?
In how many countries is the US military located?
Which country in the world has the lowest population?
What is the purpose of the Reformed Baptist Church?
Where is the oldest church in Germany?
How many different eye colors do humans have?
How many universities were in Canada as of 2019?
What is the world's largest natural history museum?
Who founded the Wei kingdom during the Chinese Three Kingdom period?
How long did Emperor Heraklion reign for?
Who is the predecessor to Frederick II?
Who is the founder of Nexon?
What is the tallest building in Belgium?
Who was the first president of Belgium?
What is the difference between a cell and a cell line?
Which countries are the members of the United Nations General Assembly?
How many different classes of aristocrats are there in England?
Where is the headquarters of the International Environmental Organization located?
