Who was the the first Norwegian Olympic champion in cross-country skiing.
What is the definition of a Tartar?
When was the movie 'The Road to El Dorado' first published?
Which countries formed the so-called Eastern Bloc?
When was the barometer invented?
What is the most common whale species in Finland?
Who named the Finnish cities?
What is the distance between Helsinki and Tallinn?
When was Areena 5 first published?
How long is the River Tiber?
What is the difference between attitudes and values?
What was Sara Shepard's first book?
What is the definition of a perennial plant?
What is the population of Rio de Janeiro?
What is the definition of a veto?
What was the birth year of phenomenology?
How many members does a chiefdom have?
When was the two-stroke engine invented?
How cold is outer space?
When was Larry Haman born?
What are effects of radiation on people?
Was Bill Clinton the 52nd president of the United States?
What caused the destruction of the Wappinger people?
When was San Francisco founded?
Who won the first Nobel Prize for mathematics?
What is the world's smallest sea?
What gave Frances Grey her title of 'lady'?
Where was the navigator invented?
How old is the oldest known great tit?
Was anyone convicted for the Brown Dog affair?
When was the vaccination for polio invented?
Does Portugal have a tropical climate?
What are Ceuta and Melilla and where are they located?
When was Monaco founded?
Can thunderstorms cause headache?
Why use does an army have for an armored train?
What is a military officer's marching position?
What is the definition of a physical phenomenon?
How many jaegers did the Finnish Defence Forces have in 2018?
Is the Ancestors popular in Norway?
What is the atomic number of Helium?
Are there any members of the Ainu people left?
How large was the Byzantine Empire?
In what context is the geometric structure used in?
Who is responsible for the monitoring of wildlife conservation?
Why did Battlestar Galactica end in 2009?
When did the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth exist?
Is Jerusalem located in a desert?
What is largest country in West Africa?
Who is the most successful player who started in Oulun Kärpät?
When did the Russian Civil War begin?
When did Rutger Hauer die?
What was the Night of Long Knives named after?
How many countries signed the Paris Peace Treaties?
What is the most illiterate country in the world?
What species have gone extinct in Finland?
What was the first theme park in Europe?
How many people did the Soviet Union's space program employ?
When did Finland receive its first fighter planes?
How did the Finnish general strike end?
Where are the car manufacturer Horch's headquarters?
What is Johan Huizinga's birth year?
Why do tigers live in tropical rain forests?
When did sheep farming begin in Finland?
What is the distance between Nastola and Helsinki?
What are the ingredients of gunpowder?
What metals are included in the noble metals?
What was the former name of the district of Ikaalisten Kylpylä?
What was the birth year of Viljo Laakso?
When was air traffic officially started?
How many universities does London currently have?
What is Leo Varadkar's birth year?
Why was the Deutschlandlied chosen as Germany's national anthem?
When was Los Angeles founded?
When was the first Command & Conquer game published?
Who won the UEFA Super Cup in 2019?
In what month is the Savonlinna Opera Festival?
What is the Stamp Act?
Was Ross Perot a billionaire?
What is the national animal of China?
When was the first opium war?
When was Hidenori Kusaka born?
When did mankind first become aware of space?
What is the distance between the coasts of Kos and Turkey?
Are molecules visible?
What is Aztec tobacco?
Is the water of Volga sweet?
How heavy is an average sword?
Did Maria II have children?
Why is the globe divided into forty time zones?
Who invented electronic cigarettes?
When was the Turku gasometer built?
In how many cities is Nuori Kirkko ry active?
Where does the word hypnosis come from?
What is the Indian subcontinent?
Where was gas metal arc welding invented?
Has a VR game been made of Silent Hill?
Where was Norman Borlaug born?
Who was Time Magazine's Person of the Year in 1967?
Do Estonian Swedes speak Estonian?
What is the area of Forssa?
Who invented the geometric structure?
Where did Jani Komulainen start his player career?
How large was Attila's empire at its peak?
What was the name of the queen of Theba?
Are furanocoumarins poisonous for humans?
In which year was Doyle Brunson chosen for poker's Hall of Fame?
When was Istanbul founded?
Where did the Women's March get its name from?
Where did the Storming of the Bastille lead?
How is methodology defined?
Who was the leader of the World Bank in 2019?
When was Korpilahti founded?
What is the population of Japan to the nearest million according to the last census?
What is the best known story about the history of Vietnam?
In which city does Vastapaino operate?
Was Cleopatra a real person?
Is Captain Marvel the first movie by Marvel Comics in which the main character is a woman?
What is the function of the small intestine?
What are vacuums used for?
In terms of the largest Finnish islands by population, what number is Lauttasaari?
When was Model S released?
Does China have a king?
When was the first RS model made for the Escort?
In which year was radiotherapy discovered?
How is a big band defined?
Who found the ancient city of Teotihuacá?
In which year was summer outdoor theatre invented?
What is the second largest Indian tribe in North America?
What is the second largest country in South America after Brazil?
What was the first album by Siouxsie and the Banshees called?
When was Wilhelm Bensown born?
Where did the Punic army get its name from?
Are there people living in the Himalayas?
When was the Finnish school system established?
What style of building is Mosselprom?
How many characters are in the Simpsons family?
How many bowed string instruments are there?
In which year was Alberto Del Rio born?
What number is Kuhmo on the list of largest regions by area in the world?
When was OSRS published?
How many islands is Hawaii comprised of?
Which team has won the most ice hockey championships in France?
Is a four wheel drive car the safest option?
Who created the character of Sonic?
Why are so many philosophers from Ancient Greece?
For how many years did the Red Brigades remain in operation?
Which Formula 1 team was Jacques Villeneuve part of?
What does the concept of our Common Era mean?
Why did the first Mithridatic War end?
When did they stop advertising tobacco in Formula 1?
Who discovered the speed of light?
In which year was the writing system adopted?
During which Roman emperor's reign did Filostrato live?
Who created the first SUV?
What is Canada's greatest lake?
Which areas did Finland have to hand over to the Soviet Union?
How big is AMOS-6?
Is sugar bad for the eyesight?
Is Simpsons also a Finnish football team?
When was the premiere of The Birds?
What name did the Romans give to the area that is now Hungary?
How many politicians take part in the Suomi-areena event each year?
What were horses used for in prehistoric Finland?
How many episodes of Game of Thrones are there in total?
How long did the Indonesian National Revolution last?
When was the solar cell invented?
Is there electricity in the human body?
What is the most common cat breed in Finland?
What is the most common rodent in Finland?
Did the Maya peoples believe in God or Jesus?
What is the House of Nobility?
How are Sephardic Jews defined?
When was the so-called antebellum era in the US?
For how many years do you study in a conservatory?
What is the price of emissions permits in Finland at the moment?
What kind of powers did the supreme god Zeus have?
Where does the world theologist come from?
What does scientific theory do?
In which year were DVDs invented?
What is the population of Mumbai?
Where does Peter Jackson come from?
What were Finland's official state churches in 2019?
What is considered a main feature of Roman culture?
What is the largest territory in Canada?
What was Bernard Montgomery's first fight?
Who is the most famous expert in Finnish mythology?
Why does the history of science start in Ancient Greece?
How is ambient defined?
Which material was the Mayflower made of?
Who has illustrated the Simpsons characters?
When was the Kangasala area first inhabited?
Where does the abbreviation DC in Washington DC come from?
Can you learn serendipity?
Who was the manager of the team who won the UCL in 2019?
Is it dangerous to hold a fart?
What was the first warship built by Yarrow?
Who created scientific theory?
Which country produces the most red meat in the world?
Can professional secrecy be just a verbal agreement?
When is the berry picking season in Finland?
What is the most common weasel in Finland?
Who wrote the Pythagorean theorem?
For how many years did William Horatio Powell work as an actor?
Why did the First World War begin?
Where does the name of the Kingdom of Kakheti come from?
When did Vivian Maier take up photography?
How many members are there in the original Toto band?
Who invented the electric guitar?
What is Finland's largest watershed divide?
Who invented clothes?
Who was the 14th president of the US?
When was Bhutan founded?
Which house does Severus Snape belong to?
In which year was Rutherford Birchard Hayes born?
What does the word theropoda mean?
How many cities are there in Ukraine?
When did they finish building the USS Saratoga?
In which year was the news site www.kansalainen.fi founded?
Can Finnish words be translated into another language without losing their meaning?
Why is Presidentinlinna located in Kruununhaka?
How large is the Atlantic Ocean?
When did Timo Mäkinen win the rally world championships?
How many motivation theories are there?
In which year was the first digital television invented?
In which year was Unabomber captured?
Who invented the area equation?
From which countries did the characters Ole & Axel come from?
What was Pentti Haanpää's debut novel?
Who is considered the founder of Judaism?
How many founding states were there in the EU?
In which year was the Grande Armée founded?
How dangerous is mutation breeding?
How tall is Mikael Johansson?
Who found the Moon?
How many notes can you play on the guitar?
Who has invented the filter?
In which year did physics become a field of science?
What is the most popular way to get information in Finland?
How long is the road from Helsinki to Tampere?
Does a creature die without a function?
Where does Daniel Handler live?
What is the difference between a pope and a bishop?
In which year was the army of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea established?
How many colleges are there in Oxford University?
Who created the TV series The L Word?
How many mental disorder cases were diagnosed in Finland in 2018?
What is an endemic lizard species?
Why was Demon's Souls published exclusively for PlayStation?
When did Ariel Sharon become a general?
How is paganism defined?
How long is the Kallavesi route?
When was the first Pertsa ja Kilu book published?
Which country did Steve Seagal emigrate to?
What is the definition of alto?
How many members are in a band?
Who has painted the Saraakallio rock paintings?
What are the three magical artefacts called the Deathly Hallows?
Is a colony a weak country?
In which year was Ratu-kortisto published?
Who was the first president of Hungary?
Who was Rehbinder?
When did the British Navy start using Class A fighters?
In which year did people start celebrating midsummer?
What was the highest possible property tax rate for leisure properties in 2018?
How many times has Edgar Savisaar divorced?
What is a maritime archeologist?
Who was the first ruler of Brunei?
What is the largest lake in America?
How many seasons does the series The Wire have?
When was Säätytalo built?
What was the population of Heinävesi in 2018?
Why did Pierre Schaeffer die?
When was Sauli Niinistö the leader of the Bank of Finland?
Who founded the city of Kymi?
What age was Ana Ivanović when she started playing tennis?
Is Udmurt a Finno-Ugric language?
What was tax horsepower?
What are the most important steps of progress?
How long is the Hudson River?
When were the servers of The Pirate Bay confiscated?
What was the first recorded tsunami?
Who has invented the road names in the city of Helsinki?
What is the shortest distance between the Åland Islands and the Swedish coast?
Has there been a war in the Afghanistan area for 20 years?
What is software development?
Across how many country borders is Tyrol located?
When was platonism invented?
How much does a kouprey weigh?
Who was responsible for the city of Tampere during the Finnish Civil War?
What are the top limits of normal blood pressure for an adult human?
Are there foreign players in FC Jazz?
What is the population of Paraguay?
What was HMS Pretoria Castle used for before the Second World War?
Is there a moral question in every episode of the TV series 7th Heaven?
Why is emperor Yongle considered the greatest Ming emperor?
How old was David the Builder when he died?
Does Koskenkorva originate from Koskenkorva?
How long is lake Rukajärvi?
In which year did people stop using war elephants?
Who invented the chariot?
Who was Demetrius I?
Where was Francisco Félix de Souza buried?
How high was the tax rate in the Netherlands in 2018?
What was the end result of the Mannanmäki-Järvenkylä fights?
What is the largest lake in North America?
Are films forbidden in some country?
Where does the Olympic torch relay traditionally begin?
What was the purpose of the Valtiopäivät in the Grand Duchy of Finland?
Who invented the triangle?
Where did Joutselkä get its name from?
How is perdurantism defined?
What was the population of Brazil in 2018?
Is Benin a union?
In which year was Vilna founded?
In which year did Hitchcock's movie The Birds come out?
What does nutation mean?
How many chemical compounds are there?
In which year did the supreme court of Israel order the wall to be relocated?
What do anabolic steroids do?
In which year was reverend Russell born?
Did people of the antiquity believe that minotaurs were real?
In which year was Kelvin Fletcher born?
Who played the lead character in the series Ugly Betty?
What was the long term goal of Edward III?
In which year was the first pope of Vatican chosen?
Which actions is the frontal lobe involved in?
When was Palpa founded?
Who are the Arawak?
When was Kiikeli founded?
Who replaced Lennox Lewis as a temporary WBC champion?
Who invented vegetation zones?
In which year was the first Icelandic saga published?
When was the first nuclear bomb built?
Why did new mathematics receive critique?
Can you clean a wound with alcohol?
How many NHL teams played their home games in Canada in the 2018-19 season?
In which year was Daniil Kvjat born?
Where did the Battle of Taranto get its name from?
What was Iran's GDP in 2018?
Where was the first superconductive cable developed?
Is Climax Studios a Finnish company?
What is the main difference between maoism and stalinism?
In which year was the Fukushima I power station built?
What is the main language of Sri Lanka?
Why did Dwight D. Eisenhower die?
Why have China and Japan been at war?
What is Iran's GDP?
What was the first movie by Dreamworks?
What number is Cyprus on the list of the largest islands in the Mediterranean?
Who was the previous ruler before Klodvig?
Has Belarus ever been under the administration of Russia?
In which year did George Curzon die?
Who decides which laws will come into effect?
What was the population of Athens in 2018?
Who won the first UFC heavyweight world championships?
What is the area of Serbia?
What is the age recommendation of the Fullmetal Alchemist series?
Which sport is at the center of the program Friday Night Lights?
In which country is Mirage Studios located?
Which premier league team's previous stadium was known by the name Boleyn ground?
Which species of crocodiles live in Africa?
What is a yield?
Was Psychro Cave previously an important cult site?
When did Daniel Pedrosa start his professional career?
Who commands the Finnish Navy?
Is Jupiter a cold planet?
What is the distance from Helsinki to Hämeenlinna by train?
What is a molecule cloud formed of?
Why was Liittoutuneiden valvontakomissio placed in Finland?
When was Morocco a colony of France?
What is typical of protists?
How can you research social communications?
Is liquid hydrogen dangerous?
Are there scorpions in Kolkata?
Who discovered Tuvalu?
In which time period is the Suomisen perhe movie set?
How big is Hama?
Is Kaleva the father of Väinämöinen?
Is fishing a livelihood in São Paulo?
In how many countries has the Idols TV format been produced?
What does colloquy mean?
How are the gospels defined?
Has Lithuania ever been ruled by monarchs?
In which year did Belize become independent?
What was the Ne Luumäet band known for?
What was the GDP of Portugal in 2018?
Is there a labyrinth in Finland that is open for everyone?
How large is Garamba National Park?
Who invented the lute?
How is Halloween celebrated nowadays?
Who founded Kellon Lyönti in 1946?
What was the result of Operation Barbarossa?
What does anism mean?
Where did the idea for the play Tukkijoella come from?
Where in Finland did they first start using optical fibre?
When did they start designing Titan IV?
When did the last crusade take place?
Was FC St. Pauli the first club to deny nationalists access to the arena?
How is pasturage defined?
Who directed the first season of Glee?
What is the national animal of Singapore?
Where was René Girard born?
How many children did John Jay have?
Why did Finland help the German troops during the Second World War?
How is nephrology defined?
Who was the leader of the Maurya Empire?
What is the population of Kemijärvi?
In which year were the marble statues of Parthenon discovered?
When was Concept One published?
Who developed the theory of personality?
Who was first ruler of socialist Hungary after the Second World War?
In which city was the band Vuohi founded?
What is the largest island of Indonesia by area?
What is the capital of  Bosnia and Herzegovina?
Where did the Tampereen raitiotie project get its funding from?
How old was pope John Paul II when he died?
When was the city state of Sparta founded?
At what age can a soldier retire?
What is a Roman surface?
How old was H. P. Blavatsky when she died?
How many islands was Venice built on?
Is the Jäämerentie road entirely asphalted?
Is a satellite phone connected to a satellite in space?
What was the population of Loimaa in 2018?
Who came up with the idea of blessing?
How long was the break in the TV series The X-Files after 2002?
What is the population of Tornio?
In which year was the Oil-for-Food Programme established?
How large is the area of the Varkaus club?
When did Fischer and Spasski play their controversial rematch?
How old is the oldest turtle?
How do you define a county?
When was Rebellion Development founded?
In which year was Patrick Henry Pearse born?
Were all of the philosophers in Ancient Greece male?
What was the first work of Kenneth J. Gerge?
What did Jasser Arafat do after his time as a president came to an end?
How many versions of the iMac desktop computer have there been?
When did Viktor Brotherus die?
When was the first season of Amazing Race shot?
In which year was Sebastian Vettel born?
What did forced service mean?
How long do hallucinations last on average?
How do theories change?
What does pašša mean?
Who invented radio control?
In which year was Mark Selby born?
How many Formula 1 Grand Prix competitions did Mika Häkkinen win during his career?
In which year were RAY and Veikkaus merged together?
How long did it take to design the Super Nintendo Entertainment System?
In which year was Éamon de Valera born?
Where was Gustaf Horn born?
In which year were boosters invented?
When did the French monarchy live in the castle of Versailles?
How many Bantu languages are there?
Was there any life on Earth during the Miocene epoch?
How many species of birds are there in South America?
What is the age limit of the game Counter-Strike: Global Offensive?
Can you die of oxidative stress?
In which country was the Cthulhu mythology invented?
In which year was theatre invented?
How many people died in the Kerch Polytechnic College massacre?
How old is Snoopy in the Peanuts comics?
Who founded Atlus?
Where did the first crusade take place?
In which year was it allowed to climb Mount Everest?
In which year was Steven Spielberg born?
In which city was the Rapallo Treaty signed?
What is a staminate cone?
Which culture does ritual purity originate from?
What was Austria's GDP in 2018?
When did Isoroku Yamamoto begin his service?
Who built Vasa, the flagship of Gustaf II Adolf the King of Sweden?
Who built Fairchild-Republic A-10 Thunderbolt II?
Can alloys of iron and nickel be found in nature?
How large is the Bothnian Bay?
How can you diagnose cystic fibrose?
In what language was the Book of Concord originally written?
Who invented map projections?
What is the ranking of Bangladesh in terms of the countries with the largest populations in the world?
Who founded the Asus company?
When did Jermain Defoe play his first A cap?
In which years was Arnold Schwarzenegger the governor of California?
Who were the Tulenkantajat?
In which year did the first passenger air plane accident take place?
How much does a colossal squid weigh?
In which year was hanging invented?
How many animals of each species were taken aboard Noah's Ark?
In which year was the first Finnish Valtiopäivät organised?
Is Tuvalu located in the Northern Hemisphere?
What is the ranking of Indus in terms of the longest rivers in the world?
How are actinides defined?
How large is the world's largest crocodile?
When did Eino Pekkala become an attorney?
What is the lower bound of the river Leppähampaanjoki drainage basin?
What was Africa's greatest fight during the Second World War?
Is the flow of river Tornio heavy?
Where did the UN get its name from?
In which country did Socrates do his life's work?
When did Carroll Shelby start working for Ford?
How old was Boris Becker when he won his first Wimbledon championship?
Who is considered the most significant artist of the age of Romanticism?
How many Class A fighters served in the British Navy during the Second World War?
What is the name of the Ikaalinen baseball team?
What is the area of Uppsala?
Where was the grammar school teacher Martti Pihkala born?
Which country does Bungie Studios come from?
Where do the Christians send crusades?
In which year was The Monkees founded?
When did HMS Mendip retire from service?
Which sports make up the Iron Man competition?
When was Greenland first settled?
Are the sharks in the Mediterranean?
What is one of the most significant songs of Mötley Crüe?
Which country is Sony Computer Entertainment registered in?
When was Lohja founded?
When was SIS founded?
Why did the Spanish Civil War last as long as three years?
When did track cycling become a thing?
What was the length of USS Maddox?
Who founded Valmet?
In which country was djent invented?
Why did the Darfur Conflict start?
What is measured in farads in the International System of Units?
Why did Gottfried Leibniz die?
Which group has Kalle Kurg worked for as a journalist?
Is there a ferris wheel in Särkänniemi?
Who carried out the Myyrmanni explosion?
What is a sounding rocket used for?
Where did Brazil get its name from?
What is the area of river Tengeliönjoki?
In which century did Christianity reach Finland?
In how many movies did Esa Pakarinen act?
Do butterflies sleep in the winter?
In which year was Square founded?
Is the computer display a Finnish invention?
How long did the Finnish Civil War last?
Where was Backgammon invented?
Is fetal alcohol syndrome also known in other European countries?
Who was the prime minister of Hungary before Imre Nagy?
Who invented the sundial?
For which console was the first
How long is the longest dachshund?
In which decade did Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel exert his influence in Germany?
What does the rejection of atomism mean?
What was the population of Rome in 2018?
How many children does Nikki Sixx have?
When was the DDR4 memory released?
When was Esso founded?
How is fire present in nature?
Who had won the most women's championship medals for cross country skiing as of January 1, 2019?
When was The Vampire Chronicles book series published?
How are freestyle skiing
When was Myllypuro built?
When did the baseball cap become popular for daily use?
When was Nissan founded?
Who has won the most gold medals for artistic gymnastics in the Olympics?
Whos
What is the atomic number of iron?
Who has translated the names of Donald Duck characters into Finnish?
Which country produces the most oil?
Is al
What does the job of an archbishop entail?
How big is Tampere bus station?
When was Jim Jones born?
Jupiter was the Roman equivalent of which god from Ancient Greece?
Who was the prime minister of Japan after Yasuo Fukuda?
What does Hakkapeliittain päivä day mean?
Who created the character of Deadpool?
How are
What is the oldest museum building in the world?
Who founded Zankle?
How many political parties were there in Finland in 2019?
In which part of the brain do hallucinations trigger activity?
What was the currency of Spain before the euro?
In which year was Westwood Studios founded?
How many fighters did the Royal British Navy use in the Second World War?
In which year was Leighton Meester born?
Who created the Los Serrano series?
How many guests were invited for the British royal wedding in 2018?
How many teams play in the main series of the Swiss league?
In which year did Hugo Österman graduate from high school?
In which year was Emil Nestor Setälä born?
What is the GNP of Canada?
Who won the Greco-Turkish War in 1922?
How many airports did West Berlin have in the 1980s?
When did Nono Söderberg become an educationalist?
When was Kangasala founded?
Could the Finnish Civil War have been prevented?
How tall is Bilbo Baggins?
What is the area of Venezuela?
In terms of its population, is Tornio larger than Kemi?
Who portrays the main characters in the movie Montparnasse 19?
When did the raccoon dog arrive in Finland?
When did they start building the Päijät-Häme central hospital?
How old did Charlie Brown say he was in the 1950s comics?
When was the Arabian oryx discovered?
What is the southernmost city in Sweden?
How do you define a stealth game?
What country does the Bering Sea belong to?
Does the Syrian military service currently last one and a half years?
Was Robert Walker an actor?
What is the current population of Makhachkala?
What was the first car that Carroll Shelby worked with?
When was M/S Sea Wind ordered?
Are radio waves born naturally?
Why was Kim Jong-il such a popular leader in North Korea?
Was the US originally part of the Netherlands?
In which year was the first King of England chosen?
How many supreme court judges are there in Finland?
Has religious behavior been observed in animals?
What is the oldest part of Mantineia called?
How common is sleep apnea?
What was the most common first name for a child in Finland in 2018?
Which artistic era followed the Renaissance?
When was philately developed?
Where was Soile Veijola born?
What was the first antipsychotic?
Why does the pope live in the Vatican?
What were the losses that resulted from the First Afghan War?
What is critical gender studies?
In which wars did Lauri Törni fight?
How many jobs are there in the Kamppi area?
How is voice break defined?
Do impalas have horns?
What is currently the world's largest aircraft carrier?
What is the first station on the main line north of Pasila?
How are airspace borders defined?
What is the weight of a road bike?
What was the population of Hankasalmi in 2018?
In which country was the remote controller invented?
Can the Earth run out of oil?
Has Stockholm always been the capital of Sweden?
What was the end of the Nagorno-Karabakh War?
Where is the Faraday Institute located?
What is the name of the leader of the Jews?
How many games has Kojima Productions published?
What are the three capital cities of South Africa?
What is the definition of the Finnish marshal?
Who runs Insomniac Games?
Did Napoléon Bonaparte have a family?
What is the diameter of Mars?
When was the IEEE 802.1.X standard developed?
What kind of a ship is a pusher?
When did Magna Graecia fall?
How great a role does fire play in human history?
Has David Lee Roth ever acted in a movie?
Has the band Eagles ever done an European tour?
How has metal money been made in Finland?
What was the type and class of HMS Lively?
Why did Willard Quine die?
Which area was known as Sudetenland?
How do you join a fraternity in a university?
When did HMS Arrow leave service?
What was Finland's biggest party in 2018?
What was the mission of the Communist International?
Which country uses the most wine?
Who were Hats and Caps in a historical sense?
Can you visit the Byzantine church in 2019?
Are Allah and Jesus the same thing?
What is the area of the Mississippi?
How many teams played in the first season of Korisliiga?
How long ago is it estimated that life began on Earth?
What is the first known Finnish song?
Are there currently any national socialist parties anywhere in Europe?
How do you call an incapacitated person?
Has Scandinavian mythology affected Finland?
What can companies use the Windows NT 4.0 system for?
When was the Statue of Liberty made?
When did Ab Crichton-Vulcan Oy stop operating?
What is Stockholm's largest neighbouring county?
What was the world's first labyrinth?
When was HMS King George V launched?
How many presidents have there been in the US?
What was the result of the Winter War?
What kind of a climate do bananas need in order to grow?
Which antibiotic was discovered first?
In which country was the company Square Enix founded?
How many political ideologies are there?
When did South Africa gain independence?
How old was reverend Charles Taze Russell when he died?
Has Ray Whitney played ice hockey in the Olympics?
What does a satellite mean in urban geography?
What does dissonance mean?
Why was P. G. T. Beauregard called Napoleon?
Why was K. J. Ståhlberg kidnapped and taken to Joensuu?
Who designed the first NHL match?
What number was HMS Ashanti within Tribal class fighters?
Where does the name of the Kuninkaantie road come from?
In which year was Casimir Pulaski born?
What does Hanoi Rocks mean?
What is Aquitaine?
What have combustion engines been used for?
What is the national dish of Cambodia?
Was Venezuela producing oil in 2019?
How long is lake Ruovesi?
Who played James Bond in the movie 007 Quantum of Solace?
When was Honda League active?
Are the walls of the Empire State Building made of glass?
What is the largest city in Turkey?
What is the atomic number of uranium?
How many gaits does a horse know?
Which country produces the most cocaine?
Who invented frisbee golf?
In which year was Scandinavia discovered?
What is the chance of throwing a dice and getting the same number twice in a row?
When did they start researching astrology?
What was the bloodiest fight in the Modoc War?
Where does double bass originate from?
How is radiation defined?
What did the Ainu become known for?
Can a human ruminate?
Did Charles W. Nash die one year after his wife?
Which time zone does Grenada belong to?
Where did Paul Mata die?
How is composition used in paintings?
Why does cannabis make the mouth dry?
How is the law of unintended consequences defined?
What is onyx?
Can you study engineering physics in the Aalto University School of Science?
In which state was Daniel Boone born?
When did cars start having seat belts?
What is the diameter of the Earth?
What is the lowest point in Geneve if measured from sea level?
How long did the Roman Empire last?
Which European country has the largest GDP?
In which city was Kurt Waldheim born?
When was slavery officially abolished in the US?
Was Aristotle the first philosopher?
Which era is Vice City based on?
What is typical of melodrama?
How did The Critique of Pure Reason shape western culture?
What is the area of Dhaka?
What does soldering entail?
In which years did Italy use the lire?
Can you study to become a goldsmith in Oulu?
When was Gerald Ford the president of the US?
How big is the moon?
Who discovered the Gospel of Judas?
Who was the first captain of HMS Napier?
Who published Stephenie Meyer's first book?
How is jihadism practiced nowadays?
Are there birds of the kingfisher family in the American nature?
Who invented the first guitar?
Which part of the human body does cystic fibrose affect?
Which colors are present in the Georgian flag?
What is the total area of Ähtäri?
How long is the road from Naantali to Turku?
Which countries does Sahara belong to?
How many nationalities are there on the Asian continent?
Who was the first Greek philosopher?
How was the special theory of relativity developed?
How much has infant mortality fallen since the start of the 19th century?
In which year was it decided that the sea, islands and islets belonging to the city of Oulu should be protected?
What was the agreement that divided Poland into two parts in the Second World War?
How common is cholera?
How many models has Daimler Benz produced so far?
What is the time zone of Verona?
Can you get a death penalty for spying in Iraq?
Who ruled the Khmer Empire?
Are there whales in the Baltic Sea?
Where does Louis VIII's byname The Lion originate from?
What is a special collectivity?
In which year was the North Korean government formed?
Is Digita owned by a Finnish company?
What is the Qigong movement?
Where was mammography developed?
Can snakes be hypnotised?
Who were the Khitan people?
Which water bodies meet in Hämeenlinna?
What is the area of Australia?
Who was the 15th president of the US?
What was the ice hockey player Lauri 'Lalli' Partinen known for?
Has the play Paracelsus Baselissa been performed abroad?
In which country do they compete in pentathlon?
In which year was the Liinahamari port established?
Can you see the speed of light?
How long did the Heinävesi monasteries remain in operation?
How many illiterate people are there in Finland?
Where were measurements invented?
When did reformation take place in Finland?
Who designed the Mosselprom building?
In which year was the Turku University SKO founded?
How is the lymphatic system defined?
How can bubbles be prevented in economics?
Where are the origins of the Kalevala culture?
Has Denmark ever been ruled over by a king?
What is the percentage of arthropods out of all of the animals living on the Earth today?
Does lake Konnivesi have five large islands?
Where was the first track cycling track?
In which year did Stanley Kubrick direct 2001: A Space Odyssey?
How many members are there in the Council of the European Union?
How many American football divisions are there in Finland?
What is the Hohenzollern family known for?
Where is the largest known IMAX theatre?
When was the first rustic village established in Finland?
What does the job of a governor entail?
In which year was the economist Piero Sraffa born?
How is hash squeezed into a solid cannabis product?
Who directed the series Rizzoli & Isles?
When did the movie Alien premier in Finland?
Can you measure motivation?
When did Choi Seung-hyun start acting?
In which year was Jean-Bédel Bokassa born?
How long did the Decembrist revolt last?
How many Finnish players are there in the NHL?
Who invented the concept of eliminative materialism?
How many subjects can you study at the university of Oxford?
How is morale researched?
What is Bhutan's average height above sealevel?
How large has the city of Eretria been?
What does the letter U mean in the word U-Boot?
What styles are considered to be part of modern art?
In which country were war elephants used?
What are hadrons?
In which year was Arri founded?
Who was the first Finnish painter to make use of national romanticism?
In which year was the Maurya Empire at its peak?
Where was Mattel founded?
Is the water of Mississippi sweet?
Which party is the follower of Maalaisliitto?
How is philosophy researched?
Has Rapid Wien also won the German league championship?
Can you buy a flat in Bangkok?
What is the name of the train station of the European Parliament?
Who built the Raatti Stadium for the first time?
Who invented toxicology?
How many versions of the Spanish language are spoken in Spain?
Do Inuits keep pets?
What is the area of Akaa?
In which year was Elon Musk born?
What is the national dish of England?
Do the Baltic states mean Estonia, Latvia and Lithuania?
What happened after the Haymarket incident?
Was Lucas Cranach the Elder a friend of Martin Luther?
Who was the last leader of the Soviet Union?
Where did Doctor Doom get his name from?
When did they start cultivating barley?
How are the Celts defined?
Are all of Roy Andersson's movies in Swedish?
How many Indian reserves are there in the US at the moment?
Which sports does Kellon Lyönti do?
Where were intelligent transportation systems developed?
What kind of terrain does the Día island have?
How many steps does a citizen initiative include?
Are atoms always moving?
How many forms of radioactive decay are there?
Why did West Ukraine fall?
In which year was Gaddafi overthrown?
In which year was Walt Disney Pictures founded?
What is the largest lake in the city of Kemijärvi?
How many philosophical viewpoints are there?
When was Voikkaa established?
What was the population of San Francisco in 2018?
How many groups of protists are there?
What number is Lehtinen in terms of the most common surnames in Finland?
When was HMHS Britannic launched on her maiden voyage?
What size screens are used in laptops?
When was Finland's first record company founded?
What is Finland's longest section of line?
What is Arri's parent organization?
By what name was the Airbus known from 2000 to 2014?
How many kings have ruled over Australia?
Was Mauno Koivisto elected president of Finland twice?
In which year was Hakaniementori marketplace opened?
Where did Queens get its name from?
When was the first 3D film made?
When did Britannia give up Gibraltar?
What was the reason behind abolishing the mobile police in Finland?
What is the GDP of Ireland?
How many states does rain have?
What was Gameforge AG's first game?
Where are the Bentley Motors headquarters located?
What does the abbreviation K-1 mean?
What is the astronomical name for the Earth?
How far away is Karelia from Oulu?
What colors are present in the Nicaraguan flag?
When did the Russian Civil War begin?
What IQ score is the definition of an imbecile?
In which state is Krasnojarsk located?
How many police dogs does the police dog institute acquire per year?
What was the population of El Salvador in 2018?
What was Finland's most common surname in 2018?
In which years did Socrates live?
Who invented quidditch?
Who led the reformation in the 16th century?
How many Junkers Ju planes were manufactured?
How is electricity measured?
Are Enland and Ireland still on bad terms?
How high was the tax rate in Finland in 2019?
When was North America discovered?
Did Mirian III marry twice?
Was "mummon markka" a real currency?
When was EXFAT developed?
How many books did P. G. T. Beauregard write?
How many different movements are there within anarchism?
When was World Boxing Association founded?
How did the first Industrial Revolution start?
In which decades did Jerome exert his influence as a theologian?
How many Indian tribes are there still left?
How many families are there within artiodactyls?
Are obsessive-compusive symptoms part of addiction?
How many Swedish-speaking inhabitants are there in Finland officially?
What is the second largest dry desert?
Who was Karađorđe?
Why did Jack Barsky work as an agent for the KGB in the US?
Where was Mona Lisa painted?
How do you define a phase?
What were the original forms of weightlifting?
How long is lake Laatokka?
Who is responsible for internal security in Finland?
Who owned the Varkaus club in 2019?
What is the second largest city in South Korea?
How is a WLAN network defined?
Where is the airport on the eastern side of Berlin?
What is number theory used for?
Where was Hasbro founded?
When was the concept of co-ed invented?
When did the first crocodiles live?
When have people started breeding different dog breeds?
What is the second largest city in North Korea?
What is the definition of an electric shock?
Why was Emperor Yongzheng's original name changed?
How far away is Uranus from the Earth?
Where can people get vitamin D naturally?
Was the US Civil War part of the American Revolution?
In what kind of areas do conifers grow?
In which country was Phantom first published?
Who was the first leader of Magna Graecia?
In which scientific field is consensus used?
Who invented phenomenology?
On which continent is Nepal located?
In which year was England founded?
What is another name for the baroque architectural style?
In which year was Museovirasto founded?
How many founding countries did OPEC have?
How many characters live in Moominhouse?
In which year did the child protection law come into effect in Finland?
What are the different subtypes of symphony?
How many teams play in the Swiss ice hockey premier league?
What was Alejandro Jodorowsky's first screenplay?
When did the West Ukrainian People's Republic exist?
Why did Aryan physics go against the theory of relativity?
Are great tits multicolored?
Milloin Erkki Hannulasta tuli jääkäri?
Paljonko Suomessa oli valokuvauksen harrastajia valokuvauksen alkuaikoina?
Milloin Yhdysvaltojen sotilaskoneet loukkasivat Suomen ilmatilaa ensimmäisen kerran?
Onko digitaalitelevisio älytelevision uusi versio?
Minä vuonna ensimmäinen nainen meni armeijaan Suomessa?
Mitä imaginaariyksikkö tarkoittaa?
Ovatko itsemurhat yleisiä Kiinassa?
Syntyikö Salomon Helsingissä?
Kuinka monta ammattilaisottelua John Ruiz on hävinnyt?
Mikä lopetti Venäjän sisällissodan?
Kuka keksi kirjoitusjärjestelmän?
Minä vuonna Suomen armeija on perustettu?
Millä nimellä kenjutsun opettajaa kutsutaan?
Mitä AMOS-6:n on tarkoitus tehdä avaruudessa?
Milloin Volbeatin kappale Lola Montez julkaistiin?
Mistä nimitys Panthera-suku on peräisin?
Milloin Octavia-mallin valmistus on aloitettu?
Minä vuonna Dodekanesian saariryhmä perustettiin?
Ovatko arimaan pelaajien nimet kulta ja hopea?
Mikä on Jedi?
Miten prekambrinen määritellään?
Miksi Nizzan karnevaali kestää kaksi viikkoa?
Minä vuonna Power Rangers -sarja uudistettiin?
Mitkä ovat termodynamiikan lait?
Miten bassobaritoni määritellään?
Tuottaako Venäjä itse kaikki tarvitsemansa tuotteet?
Kuinka monta päähenkilöä Game of Thrones -sarjan neljännellä tuotantokaudella on?
Minä vuonna The Kinks -yhtye julkaisi Victoria-singlen?
Mitä lajia kutsutaan pelien kuninkaaksi?
Miten Porschesta tuli suosittu automerkki?
Montako rakennusta Helsingin yliopisto omistaa nykyisin?
Kuinka monta vuotta hollantilaiset hallitsivat Malakkaa?
Kuinka monta minuuttia Paratiisin lapset -elokuva kestää?
Milloin Jos Verstappen aloitti kartingin?
Onko Hollywoodissa tehty mykkäelokuvia?
Minkä yhtyeen kappale "Oikeus on voittanut taas" on?
Onko Occam oikea henkilö?
Missä on Arrin pääkonttori?
Mikä on maailman suurin maanselkä?
Milloin tanskandoggien jalostus on aloitettu?
Onko Ensimmäistä valtakuntaa enää olemassa?
Milloin Kari-Pekka Kyrö aloitti hiihtovalmentajana?
Kuka Yhdysvaltojen presidentti käynnisti Tähtien sota -hankkeen?
Kuka loi kreikkalaiset jumalat?
Miksi American Idol oli kaksi vuotta tauolla?
Mikä on The Last Song -elokuvan ikärajasuositus?
Mikä on Tukholman pinta-ala vuonna 2019?
Minkä ikäisenä Emil Aaltonen kuoli?
Kuka on kuvittanut Lego Ninjagotin?
Mihin Toivo Kärki kuoli?
Miten pitkän vankeusrangaistuksen Raivo Roosna sai ryöstöistä?
Mistä valkosolut syntyvät?
Mikä oli Hiro Mashiman ensimmäinen manga?
Mistä Muhu on saanut nimensä?
Minä vuonna minolainen uskonto on saanut alkunsa?
Mistä materiaalista maastoajoneuvot rakennetaan?
Mikä oli sukelluskello?
Kuka voitti UCL:n vuonna 2005?
Mihin Brandon Teena menehtyi?
Onko hunaja antiseptinen aine?
Miten hyve määritellään?
Milloin Leo Suurla syntyi?
Missä osassa Pohjois-Amerikkaa Ojibwat asuvat?
Millä nimellä Stalingradin kaupunki tunnettiin Neuvostoliiton loppuvaiheissa?
Missä joukkueessa Sami Helenius aloitti jääkiekon SM-liigauransa?
Mistä Tuska Open Air Metal Festival on saanut nimensä?
Mihin marsalkka Mannerheim kuoli?
Minä vuonna MAN SE on perustettu?
Mikä oli Kari Kasasen ensimmäinen yritys?
Onko Final Fantasy XII -pelissä tasoja?
Missä Retro Studios sijaitsee?
Mikä oli Choi Seung-hyun ensimmäinen levy?
Mikä on Bhutanin pinta-ala?
Kuka on kirjoittanut Tuhannen ja yhden yön tarinat?
Milloin USS Maddox lahjoitettiin Neuvostoliitolle?
Milloin USS Nimitz valmistui?
Milloin Vietnamista tuli kommunistinen valtio?
Kuinka suuri M/S Pamela on?
Missä maassa ensimmäinen huippukokous on pidetty?
Kuinka monta osaa viljassa on?
Montako mestaruutta Hulk Hogan on voittanut?
Mikä on etäisyys Tapiolan ja Helsingin keskustan välillä?
Kuinka monesta piiristä Serbia koostuu?
Kuka oli tunnetuin renessanssimusiikin säveltäjä?
Minä ajanjaksona roomalainen kulttuuri vaikutti maailmassa?
Minä vuonna Sami Uotila on syntynyt?
Minä vuonna Rush-elokuva julkaistiin?
Mikä oli ensimmäinen Suomessa valmistettu jäänmurtaja?
Voittivatko Suomen valkoiset joukot Vienassa käydyt sotaretket?
Mitä kantoraketti vie avaruuteen?
Voiko Tampereella opiskella mekaniikkaa?
Milloin Kenneth Anger lopetti ohjaamisen?
Milloin järjestettiin ensimmäiset naisten vapaaottelun MM-kisat?
Kuinka pitkä matka on Helsingistä Etiopiaan?
Kuinka monta kaupunkia kuuluu Satakunnan maakuntaan?
Milloin hedelmöityshoitoa on aloitettu käyttämään?
Kuka on suunnitellut Empire State Buildingin?
Voiko männystä tehdä paperia?
Mitä materiaalia Finnairin lentokoneissa käytetään?
Mikä oli Studio Ghiblin ensimmäinen elokuva?
Mitkä maat lasketaan Kaukoitään kuuluviksi?
Kuka oli Meiji-kauden ensimmäinen hallitsija?
Miten puolijohdekomponentti määritellään?
Kuka on kehittänyt idealismin?
Millä nimellä Oliver Cromwellin armeija tunnettiin?
Minä vuonna Macao perustettu?
Mitä syllogistiikka tarkoittaa?
Mikä oli Venezuelan asukasluku vuonna 2018?
Kuka oli Tanskan ensimmäinen kuningatar?
Missä kuulakärkikynä keksittiin?
Minä vuonna McDonnell-Douglas DC-10 teki ensimmäisen lentonsa?
Mikä on Viron vanhin kaupunki?
Milloin rikoselokuvia aloitettiin kuvaamaan?
Milloin Suomen ensimmäinen kirkko rakennettiin?
Milloin maailman ensimmäinen tietokonepeli valmistettiin?
Kuka on Porin Ässien toimitusjohtaja?
Minä vuonna ulkomaalaislaki on säädetty?
Mikä on Kalifornian pinta-ala?
Mikä patopainemoottori on?
Mistä kaupungista Ingo on kotoisin?
Mikä Poképark on?
Kuka oli Malesian ensimmäinen hallitsija?
Kuinka monta maata sijaitsee Atlantin rannikolla?
Kuka keksi solidaarisuuden käsitteen?
Milloin Montreal oli Kanadan pääkaupunki?
Minä vuonna Friedrich Schiller syntyi?
Miten linjalaiva määritellään?
Kuinka paljon Porsche 911 -automalli painaa?
Millä tieteenalalla käytetään Occamin partaveitsi-periaatetta?
Miten muovia tuotetaan?
Mikä on Vantaan tiheimmin asuttu kaupunginosa ja osa-alue?
Kuka kehitti salibandyn?
Mitä mikrobikasvusto tarkoittaa?
Kuinka suuri Viikinsaari on?
Minä vuonna värilliset elokuvat keksittiin?
Kuinka monta kieltä Daniil Kvjat puhuu?
Kuka Koren oli?
Mistä lähtien liiviläisiä on ollut?
Minä vuonna Akira Toriyaman on syntynyt?
Mistä sana kommunismi tulee?
Missä kupoleja käytetään nykyisin?
Onko kaikkien maiden kalenterivuodessa 12 kuukautta?
Mistä Zappaan olympialaiset saivat nimensä?
Mikä oli Ukraina–Neuvosto-Venäjä-sodan lopputulos käytännössä?
Minkä maan rooli ratkaisi toisen maailmansodan?
Miten opetus määritellään?
Mihin ksenoandrogeenejä käytetään?
Minkä ikäinen Edie Britt on Täydelliset naiset -sarjassa?
Mitä poliittista puoluetta Theodore Roosevelt edusti?
Onko Korkeasaaressa leijonia?
Missä William Shockley kuoli?
Miksi Nuijasota kesti vuoden?
Minkä kokoisia utromit ovat?
Minkä ikäisenä Tom Dooley kuoli?
Montako valkoisten sotilasta osallistui Ahvenkosken taisteluun?
Minkä maalainen keksintö energia-ase on?
Mitä tribuuni tarkoittaa?
Milloin legoja aloitettiin myymään Suomessa?
Miten työtulosta voi mitata?
Mikä on äärettömän käsite filosofiassa?
Mitä Hulan laaksossa viljellään?
Valmistetaanko Suomessa panssarivaunuja?
Kuka löysi Andit ensimmäisen kerran?
Keiden välillä Mosambikin itsenäisyyssota käytiin?
Onko Avery Brooks naimisissa?
Milloin Malakan historia sai alkunsa?
Voiko immuniteetin hankkia?
Mistä saamelaisten perinneasut ovat tulleet?
Kuka keksi auton nopeusmittarin?
Milloin Song-dynastia vaikutti?
Milloin Ford GT 40 -malli julkaistiin?
Milloin meridiaaniympyrä keksittiin?
Mistä Hulkin vihreä väri tulee?
Kuka oli Venäjän viimeinen tsaari?
Kuka oli toisen maailmansodan jälkeisen Japanin ensimmäinen hallitsija?
Missä kaupungissa Saab Automobilen pääkonttori sijaitsi?
Mikä on positiivisen syrjinnän tarkoitus?
Milloin Matka maailman ympäri -piirrossarja esitettiin ensimmäistä kertaa Suomessa?
Oliko Suomella presidenttiä sisällissodan aikana?
Miten Jordania reagoi vuoden 1970 lentokonekaappauksiin?
Tuleeko maapallolle uusi jääkausi?
Missä kommunismi syntyi?
Miten monta Suomen ilmavoimien konetta tuhoutui toisessa maailmansodassa?
Kuinka monta lakia Suomessa on yhteensä?
Ketkä ovat Salaiset kansiot -sarjan päähenkilöitä?
Voiko aikuinen saada tuhkarokon?
Mitä Šabti tarkoittaa?
Minä vuonna Andy McCoy on syntynyt?
Kuka kehitti polarisaatiolasit?
Mikä on Muurmannin kokonaispinta-ala?
Mikä oli ensimmäinen mykkäelokuva?
Minä vuonna DMA Desing on perustettu?
Minä vuonna ensimmäinen tasoristeys on rakennettu?
Kuinka kauan yhden paavin hallintokausi kestää?
Kuinka sokeritoukat kehittyivät?
Mikä maa on lampaanlihan suurin tuottaja?
Kuka oli Alankomaiden maajoukkueen valmentaja vuoden 1988 euroopanmestaruuskisoissa?
Milloin pronssikauden katsotaan loppuneen Suomessa?
Missä oikeat vampyyrit elävät?
Kuka Pertinax oli?
Kuka rakensi HMS Greyhoundin?
Kuinka monta Englannin hallitsijaa tuli Yorkin suvusta?
Kuinka paljon cherokeeita on jäljellä?
Onko kristinusko pohjimmiltaan henkilökultti?
Esiintyykö kehrääjälajia Suomessa?
Oliko Kustaa III kansan suosima kuningas?
Missä Yhdysvaltojen osavaltiossa Terry Gilliam on syntynyt?
Minä vuonna Palestiina on perustettu?
Mitä määri tarkoittaa Ranskassa?
Montako A-maaottelua Mika Nurmela pelasi?
Mikä oli Suur-Kreikan pinta-ala?
Minä vuonna Sonic Team on perustettu?
Kuinka suuri Konstantinopoli oli?
Kuka esitti pääosaa Full Metal Jacket -elokuvassa?
Millä vuosiluvulla vimeiset saksanhirvet kuolivat Suomessa?
Kuinka suuri Palestiinan pinta-ala on?
Miksi Amerikka on jaettu pohjois- ja eteläosiin?
Kuinka monta kultamitalia Suomi on voittanut olympialaisissa?
Onko Oxygenol Berner Oy:n oma tuote?
Miten pitkän vankeusrangaistuksen Alex Lepajõe sai ryöstöistä?
Milloin System Shock julkaistiin?
Milloin moderni tulitikku kehitettiin?
Mikä P'An Ku on kiinalaisessa mytologiassa?
Mikä on Kroatian toiseksi suurin kaupunki?
Kuka voitti B-ryhmän viimeisen mestaruuden?
Milloin Euroopan hallitsijat kielsivät varsijouset?
Kuka keksi kuvakennot?
Minä vuonna Jaco Pastorius syntyi?
MIkä oli Suomen ensimmäinen päällystetty tie?
Minä vuonna Bayreuthin musiikkijuhlat järjestettiin ensimmäisen kerran?
Kuinka monta ihmistä sairastuu paksusuolen syöpään Suomessa vuosittain?
Kuka keksi parasetamolin?
Pelataanko Bangladeshissä jalkapalloa?
Minä vuonna Suomessa on alettu pelaamaan jääpalloa?
Oliko Suomessa arjalaisen fysiikan tutkijoita?
Kuinka moneen kohteeseen Air Canada lentää?
Onko VR:llä aina ollut monopoli Suomen junaliikenteessä?
Mikä on elämän perusvaatimus?
Onko Kanada kuulunut Yhdysvalloille?
Missä Atomic Games on perustettu?
Kuinka monta tunnettua pyhiinvaelluspaikkaa maailmassa on?
Mikä on Painajaisakatemian alkuperäinen nimi?
Kenen elämään Mulan-elokuva perustuu?
Milloin Siionin viisaiden pöytäkirjat on julkaistu ensimmäisen kerran?
Mitä fransiskaani tarkoittaa?
Kuka on hindujen tärkein jumala?
Mikä oli 1. divisioonan alkuperäinen tehtävä sisällissodan jälkeen?
Kuka aloitti Venäjän sisällissodan?
Kuinka monen arvioidaan kuolleen punaisten khmerien hirmuhallinnon aikana?
Missä kaupungissa Martina Hingis on varttunut?
Onko yhteiskunnalla aina sama uskonto?
Mitä olivat ns. Foo-hävittäjät?
Mikä oli Kongon BTK 2018?
Missä Mikael I kuoli?
Minä vuonna romanialaiset valtasivat Odessan?
Minä vuonna kääntäjän ammatti on keksitty?
Mihin Otto Colliander kuoli?
Missä kaupungissa Joseph Schumpeter syntyi?
Mikä on Mälarin kirveen alkuperä?
Kuka on luonut Transformers-universumin?
Kuka näytteli Hämähäkkimiestä vuoden 2012 The Amazing Spider-Man -elokuvassa?
Minkä maalainen yhtye Stoned Jesus on?
Kuinka paljon hunajassa on sokeria?
Lasketaanko Suomi mukaan Skandinavian pronssikauteen?
Ketkä rahoittivat Hanko–Hyvinkää-radan rakentamisen?
Moneenko ryhmään mineraalit voidaan jakaa?
Milloin oli ns. Kaakkois-Aasian finanssikriisi?
Mitä pelipaikkaa Mika Alatalo pelasi?
Mikä on Turun ja Helsingin välinen tie-etäisyys?
Missä ensimmäinen ydinvoimala rakennettiin?
Miten PETA määritellään?
Kuka käsikirjoitti Amélien?
Milloin Tapiola valmistui?
Miten kenttätykki määritellään?
Kuinka pitkä Brian O’Neill on?
Onko Suomessa paikkaa jonne voi tehdä pyhiinvaelluksen?
Mitä neutriino tarkoittaaa?
Sotivatko hollantilaiset ja eteläafrikkalaiset vuonna 1652?
Milloin Sevastopolin taistelut käytiin?
Ketkä taistelivat ns. ruusujen sodassa?
Montako krokotiililajia on?
Minä vuonna anarkismin käsite on keksitty?
Onko rintasyöpä periytyvä?
Kuka on käsikirjoittanut 24-televisiosarjan?
Minä vuonna ooppera on keksitty?
Minä vuonna Transit-satelliittijärjestelmän ensimmäinen satelliitti laukaistiin avaruuteen?
Mistä sisällissodan aikaiset nimitykset "punaiset" ja "valkoiset" tulivat?
Mikä oli HBO:n ensimmäinen sarja?
Ovatko ajattelu ja ajatus samanlaisia prosesseja aivoissa?
Milloin Valmet aloitti autojen tuotannon?
Milloin Radek Duda aloitti jääkiekon?
Are there otters living in the Baltic Sea?
Are there animals living in the Andes?
How did Barbarossa die?
Where was Nono Söderberg born?
Is Tel Aviv a multicultural country?
Was Bill Skarsgård involved with the movie It?
How did Vladimir Solovjov die?
How do you define the Union Army of the United States?
What kind of symptoms does cystic fibrosis cause?
Who invented the clock?
Who rebelled at the Kauhajoki rebellion?
How many courts of justice are there in Finland?
What is the atomic number of nitrogen?
What does the term Planck length mean in physics?
How old are camels as a species?
Who was the best known professor at Oxford University?
What is the speed of sound?
How long is the road from Vyborg to the Finnish border?
Who built the Turku gasometer?
How can you treat arrhythmia?
Who was the second ruler of Spain?
How many species of apes count as hominids?
Was Albert Einstein the only child of his family?
How did Matthias Akiander pass away?
When was the first TV channel set up in Finland?
In how many languages can you play the game Metal Gear Solid: Portable Ops?
Why did Albert Fish eat the bodies of his victims?
According to whom was the city of Pretoria named?
How big is the moon?
Was the Earth originally a star?
How do you define an emirate?
When was Abbas ibn Abdul-Muttalibin born?
How have they started measuring intelligence?
Who owns the Formula 1 concept?
In which year was the first Finnish case of epilepsy recorded?
What are the three stages of history according to Hegelianism?
Where did Francesco Petrarca live during his career?
What is the origin of the word "philosopher"?
Is the osprey a completely protected bird species?
Why did people paint inside rocks in the Stone Age?
Who was the first to find Vis I?
In which city state of Ancient Greece did Plato exert his influence?
What is the purpose of The Cheval Mallet?
How large was the Roman Empire in its golden era?
Who invented the telescope?
Was Cay Sundström imprisoned until 1944?
Which events led to Finland becoming independent?
Who was the first leader of the Finnish Social Democratic Party?
When was Stockholm Castle built?
How many movies did John Ford direct?
When was the first time a tractor was used in Finland?
What losses resulted from the preoccupation of Oulu?
When did SOAD get a different drummer?
What is the largest town in the Swedish Lapland?
Who won the first Superbowl?
Are manga and anime the same thing?
Who was the first king of Britain?
Is the snow shovel a Finnish invention?
When did Max Planck start his career?
What was the largest party in Finland in the year 2018?
Was Thomas Jefferson the second vice president of the United States?
Were the Romanovs a royal family?
Which colours are present in the flag of Montenegro?
Who was the first human to learn another language?
Are there bisons living in the Yellowstone national park?
Are there people living on the South Pole?
How long is the movie The Hateful Eight?
How many blood vessels does a human have?
How many municipalities are there within the reindeer husbandry area of Finland in total?
What was the population of Kauniainen in the last census?
Who founded the United States?
How many books has David Lee Roth written?
When did the Abessinia Crisis take place?
When did Gunnar von Hertzen become a jaeger?
Who was the president of the US before Ronald Reagan?
What is the origin of the word Kane?
In which year was the first edition of Dungeons and Dragons published?
Are the Mariana Islands part of the United States?
How many dynasties did China have in total?
When was Pius XI elected pope?
What kinds of weapons did the Finnish Army have during the Second World War?
Which plants count as rubber plants?
In which city did James Knox Polk grow up?
When was Emperor Gao born?
Where did James Cook first sail to?
Who started Shintoism?
Why is the autonomous entity of Kurdistan in Iraq?
What happened after Boudica's husband died?
How many natural phenomena are there?
What kind of game is Final Fantasy X-2?
Who invented the digger?
In which London theatre has Kevin Spacey acted?
Who is the male lead in the movie Avatar?
Is there an organisation to help the victims of incest?
Is the Somalian Civil War also a conflict between the clans?
What is the land area of Kangasala?
What kind of family did James Knox Polk grow up in?
Is ArenaNet a Finnish company?
Jerusalem is the capital of which country?
Which events led to the US Civil War?
When did Leopold the King of Belgium rule over Belgian Congo?
In which city did August Schleicher die?
When was the AMD 3000 series published?
What was the population of Austria in 2018?
How many Pygmy Owls nest in Finland?
Who invented kenjutsu?
What does KGB mean?
When did Ford GT 40 win the first Le Mans 24h race?
Is magic based off of mythology?
Has Alex Plante played in the NHL?
Which city did Edward VI grow up in?
Where did the Silk Road get its name from?
How do you define a puppet state?
What is the GNP of Azerbaijan?
When did canoe sprint get included in the Olympics?
In which year did Louis Renault build his first car?
Was the Ukrainian - Soviet War a part of the Russian War?
How many immigrants arrived in Finland in the "2015 rush" over the Swedish border?
How long ago were the Saraakallio rock paintings painted?
When was Forbes founded?
Where did Ernst Ruben Lagus die?
Why did Maximinus Thrax resign the title of Emperor?
What is the largest province in Canada?
What is a synonym for etching?
In which team did Martin St. Pierre do his NHL debut?
How does Anaglyph 3D work?
In which decade did the Finns start travelling abroad?
Who invented the group of complex numbers?
How many types of diabetes are there?
What was the largest species of mammoths?
Who was the first Finnish boxing champion?
In which year was Harry Ricardo born?
In which year was the first season of Dexter published?
How many fighter planes did the British Navy have?
How many parts does the manga Fairy Tail have?
Is there a castle on Mäkiluoto?
When was the caravan invented?
What does the domino effect mean?
In which year was information technology invented?
In how many degrees can you forge steel?
What is a Cascade point?
Who won the Nobel prize for Chemistry in 1950?
What is the most successful Dutch movie ever?
What is Platon's most famous work?
How do you call the indigineous people of Cuba?
How many superfamilies are there in the order Hymenoptera?
When did Hilma Granqvist become a social antropologist?
Why did the US have a Civil War?
What model has Tupolev produced the most?
How many pages does the book Viiden vuoden yksinäisyys have?
Can mythology be researched scientifically?
How many tourists visited Greece in 2018?
When was the production of kimchi started?
Who wrote the Russian story Morning in a Pine Forest?
Who led the People's Liberation Army of China?
What is the second largest city in Belgium?
How many forms of chemistry are there?
How did Matti Arvo Armas Laurila pass away?
When was Zelda: Breath of the Wild published?
Who was Plato?
How many cells does an ape have?
Who founded Altia?
In which year was the Count of Mirabeau born?
How many corpus cavernosum formed of erectile tissue does a man have?
How old was Raisa Maria Räisänen in the year 2019?
Are there protons in the air?
When did rural flight become more common in Finland?
What was the first dubbed series in Finland?
How many white keys does a piano have?
Which island nation is located to the north of the island of Hispaniola?
In which year was Savukeidas Kustannus founded?
In which year was beer first invented?
Which country is an Okinawan person from?
How large was the Byzantine Empire at its peak?
What does midline offside mean in ice hockey?
Who was the first president of Venezuela?
Why do people stutter?
Who maintained prison camps during the Finnish Civil War?
Which manga style does the Karin series represent?
In which year was J. Budziszewski born?
Is Guatemala located in South America?
What is the longest continuous fight in the US military history?
Who gifted the Statue of Liberty to the US?
Do they use the Latin alphabet in Greece?
When was Australia discovered?
When was immediate constitute analysis developed?
In which year was Heinävesi founded?
Which city is Garri Kasparov from?
How many employees work in Silicon Valley?
How many popes have there been in modern history?
How many episodes does The Passion mini series have?
Who created the Sandman?
When was Iran founded?
How many people were there in the Orania-Nassau family in 2018?
When did the first US cruise ship set sail?
Where did Friedrich August von Hayek study economics?
Who was the leader of Magna Graecia?
When was HMAS Anzac ordered?
Was Margaret I once the ruler of Denmark, Norway and Sweden?
What is the average lifespan of women in Finland?
How many wives did Zeus have?
For how many years did Ahti Karjalainen sit in the government?
Are there a lot of animals living on the Asian continent?
What does the Odyssey mean?
When did they finish building Jyväskylä lyceum?
Which country did Karthagon represent during the Second Punic War?
Do all Sami people understand each other?
When did Miley Cyrus start making music?
What is the national animal of Turkey?
When did they start practicing kenjutsu in Japan?
Does distillation use a lot of energy?
Which well known German rally driver drove an Audi during his time in the B group?
In which year was the Primus group founded?
Who are the Komi?
What are the nicknames of the Sm3 or the Pendolino?
How do muscles produce energy?
In which year was Detroit Red Wings founded?
For what did they award the Nobel Prize for Chemistry in 2018?
What can you use to treat cholera?
In which year have they started researching dialects?
How many Iron Man movies were made?
Were black holes born in the Big Bang?
What is the definition of nanotechology?
Why was Kim Jong-il the leader of North Korea for 17 years?
What kind of fights have been fought on the Tollense valley battlefield?
How do you call the first inhabitants of Vietnam?
How do cookies work?
Why did Saint Elizabeth die?
Which country is Johan Huizinga from?
Where did Hasbro get the idea for the Transformers toys from?
What is the melting point of bronze?
When was Lost first screened in Finland?
Who has filmed the Last Chance to See nature documentary series?
Who invented ice wine?
What was the world's first animated series?
When was the Finnish police force founded?
How long is lake Alajärvi?
Which countries are the neighbours of Uganda?
When did they write the Molotov-Ribbentrop agreement?
When did Torsten Lindholm die?
How much church tax do people pay in Finland?
What was the population of India in 2018?
Who did the Kuril Islands belong to in 2019?
How many gods are there in the Minoan religion?
Where was copper discovered?
In which year did Einar Nikolai Mäkinen die?
How wide is lake Miekojärvi?
How many Finnish championship league matches has Jani Keinänen played in?
Why is it cheap to produce stuff in China?
How many stages does the Titan IV launch vehicle have?
What is the independence day of Iran?
How many versions of the Smart Fortwo car have been produced?
When did they start teaching the theory of evolution in Finland?
What is the origin of the movie title A Clockwork Orange?
When did Hanoi Rocks have their first gig?
Where was scuba diving invented?
How do you define alkali metal?
How long is lake Jämijärvi?
How big is Russia in terms of its area?
Who decided to divide the year in months?
Who is the composer of the Simpsons theme song?
How large is Polynesia in terms of its area?
Where was DNA founded?
In which year was PIK-15 Hinu built?
What was Renault's first car model?
Are exotic pets forbidden in Finland?
Were the colours of the Dutch flag originally orange, white and blue?
How many novels intended for adults did Väinö Riikkilä write?
Why did the Holy Roman Empire fall?
When did Ramsay MacDonald start his political career?
What is the current population of Ukraine?
How many areas of operation did the Finnish White Guard organisation have?
How many countries are located on the shores of the Caspian Sea?
How can you treat and prevent diabetes?
What was the most popular play in the Finnish National Theatre in 2018?
How many tennis tournaments has Petra Kvitová played in?
Did they fight in the desert during the events of the North African front?
Where was the HMS Cossack ship repaired in 1938?
Was mythology developed during antiquity?
When was the first diving apparatus invented?
Why did Richard Strauss die?
Is Finland a part of ESO?
How much did Länsimetro underground cost?
When was the ship HMCS Huron moved to reserve and scheduled to be removed?
Mikä oli Egyptin BKT vuonna 2018?
Mistä saksan kieli on kehittynyt?
Kuka keksi viulun?
Mikä oli Nissanin  "Silvia Grand Prix" -malli?
Minä vuonna Lucius Septimius Severus syntyi?
Elääkö Intian valtameressä valaita?
Mikä puolue voitti Suomen ensimmäiset vaalit?
Minkä maalainen keksintö leija on?
Monenko valtion kanssa Kreikalla on maaraja?
Ovatko Simpsonit Marvel Comicsin hahmoja?
Milloin ns. Muurmannin legioona lakkautettiin?
Missä maassa ruteenin kieltä puhutaan?
Kuka oli Talibanin ensimmäinen johtaja?
Missä maassa ensimmäinen digitaalitelevisio julkaistiin?
Onko Sulkavan kunta täysin suomenkielinen?
Miten kaukana Helsingin keskustasta Järvenpää sijaitsee?
Kuinka kauan Hafiz Allah Amin valtakausi kesti?
Mistä "Totuus ja oikeus" on saanut nimensä?
Miten järvenlasku määritellään?
Mikä joukkue voitti Puolan jalkapallomestaruuden kaudella 2018-19?
Mikä on Suomen suurin kivikautinen asuinpaikka?
Kuinka suuri Kaspianmeri on?
Kuinka monta lasta Mirian III sai?
Mitä allianssi tarkoittaa?
Kuka oli Stand by Me – viimeinen kesä -elokuvan säveltäjä?
Ovatko "toiset" Lost-sarjan päähenkilöiden vastustajia?
Minkä maalainen Jean-Claude van Damme on?
Miten kahvileipä määritellään?
Oliko Jeesus oikea historiallinen henkilö?
Mikä oli marsalkka Mannerheimin tunnetuin saavutus?
Kuka oli Time-lehden "vuoden henkilö" vuonna 1991?
Mikä on äärettömän käsite teologiassa?
Miten monarkistinen määritellään?
Kuka oli ensimmäinen suomalainen, joka voitti Oscar-palkinnon?
Kuka omistaa EA Sports -yhtiön?
Miten vanhaksi Kivikin kuninkaanhauta on arvioitu?
Minä vuonna Yoon-jin Kim on syntynyt?
Kuka on perustanut MAN SE -yrityksen?
Mikä Svaabia on?
Milloin Rock Star -pelistudio on perustettu?
Olivatko kaikki Suomen kaartiin kuuluvat sotilaat suomalaisia?
Kuka oli HMS Brighton -aluksen ensimmäinen päällikkö?
Omistaako Portugali saaria?
Kuinka monta munaa kenkänokka voi munia kerralla?
Mitä käytettiin kelloina keskiajalla ennen mekaanisen kellon keksimistä?
Ketkä asuvat Rivendellissä Taru sormusten herrasta -elokuvissa?
Kenelle myönnettiin ensimmäinen taloustieteen Nobel-palkinto?
Miltä Karai näyttää?
Kuinka monta kirjaa Vladimir Sorokini on kirjoittanut?
Miksi Silkkitietä ei ole enää olemassa?
Tuhoutuiko Suomen sisällissodassa useita kaupunkeja?
Mistä torium on tehty?
Mitkä ovat luotettavuustekniikan perusteet?
Miten herätysliike määritellään?
Mikä on analyyttisen vastakohta?
Missä Keijo Rosberg asui uransa aikana?
Mitä asioita otetaan huomioon arvioitaessa kuiden mahdollisuutta elämän ylläpitämiseen?
Miten kaukana Maasta Venus sijaitsee?
Kuinka kauan Venäjä hallitsi Suomea?
Missä kaupungissa Ryan Potulny on syntynyt?
Missä osassa Pohjois-Amerikkaa cherokeet asuvat?
Mitä Geneven sopimuksessa määritellään?
Missä ns. Schaumannin huvila sijaitsee?
Kuka kokosi Luoteis-Venäjän armeijan?
Miten väkiluku lasketaan?
Mikä on Sastamalan lähin naapurikunta Satakunnan puolella?
Mistä Voltaire sai nimityksensä?
Kuinka pitkä ooppera "Rykmentin tytär" on?
Onko Salomonsaarilla alkuperäiskansaa?
Milloin sairasloma on keksitty?
Milloin Wade Barrett aloitti showpainiuransa?
Minkä ajanjakson aikana Grenada kuului Länsi-Intian federaatioon?
Ketkä aiheuttivat Helsingin kirkkomellakat?
Mikä johti Saksanniemen kahakkaan?
Mikä oli FC Jazz -jalkapallojoukkueen edeltäjä?
Mikä puolue katsotaan SMP:n seuraajaksi?
Kuka perusti kommunistisen liiton?
Mistä verkkokauppa Amazon on saanut nimensä?
Onko Suomea koskaan hallinnut diktaattori?
Onko panssarivaunu luodinkestävä?
Minä vuonna Sergei Koroljov on syntynyt?
Minä vuonna Hannes Järvimäki kuoli?
Mikä on Saksan menestyksekkäin jääkiekkojoukkue Saksojen yhdistymisen jälkeen?
Millä vuosikymmenellä jazzmusiikki on keksitty?
Mitä ovat ns. Kevon kurut?
Milloin Suomen poliisilaitos on perustettu?
Oliko Albert Einstein psyykkisesti terve?
Onko ihmiskehossa luonnostaan foolihappoa?
Mikä on Suomen suurin konttisatama?
Kuinka paljon Suomessa kulutetaan talousvettä vuodessa?
Mitkä kaupungit kuuluivat Rooman valtakunnan aikana Itä-Rooman valtakuntaan?
Mikä on Eddie Läckin pelinumero?
Kuinka paljon Suezin kanavan rakentaminen maksoi?
Mikä tukiaseman tarkoitus on?
Missä sijaitsee Eugen Systemsin pääkonttori?
Missä oli Suomen ensimmäinen suojeltu rakennus?
Missä transistori keksittiin?
Kuka aloitti Brasilian GP:n paalulta vuonna 2006?
Mikä on Kaspianmeren ja Mustan meren välinen etäisyys?
Minä vuonna Quentin Tarantino on syntynyt?
Kuinka monta pommia Chongqingin kaupunkiin pudotettiin?
Minä vuonna ensimmäinen Mannerheim-risti annettiin?
Kuinka paljon täysikasvuinen abessinialainen voi painaa?
Kuka oli Tony Blairin edeltäjä pääministerinä?
Mikä on Suomessa pesivien muuttolintujen yleisin talvehtimisseutu?
Minä vuosina Margareeta Leijonhufvud oli Ruotsin kuningatar?
Minä vuonna Suomessa perustettiin Inkeriläisten toimikunta?
Miten suufilaisuus määritellään?
Kuinka platonismiä voidaan nykyään soveltaa?
Mitä tarkoittaa Venäjän kirjallisuuden hopeakausi?
Kuka on kehittänyt tyhjiötekniikan?
Mikä on ex-jääkiekkoilija Sami Heleniuksen lempinimi?
Kuinka monta jäsentä alkuperäiseen Guns N’ Roses -yhtyeeseen kuuluu?
Onko Kalkutalla sademetsää?
Milloin Oskari Heikki Jussila kuoli?
Minä vuonna on julkaistu ensimmäinen suomalainen kuvakirja?
Kuinka magneettinen pohjoisnapa määritellään?
Millaisia voimia utromeilla on?
Onko Li Bai nainen?
Mikä on Pennsylvanian pääkaupunki?
Mikä on Nokian pinta-ala?
Paljonko Suomessa oli kesämökkejä vuonna 2010?
Mikä on kantaväestön osuus Japanin asukkaista nykyään?
Minä vuonna Indian Act -laki laadittiin?
Missä Sanji Vinsmoke syntyi?
Mikä on Naantalin pinta-ala?
Miten uskonto selittää mytologian?
Kuinka monessa maassa Metsä Group -konserni toimii?
Voiko funktio olla negatiivinen?
Ketkä julkaisivat "Valistuksen dialektiikka" -teoksen?
Missä konservatismi syntyi?
Mikä maa tuottaa eniten appelsiinejä?
Mitä immunologiseen järjestelmään kuuluu?
Mikä on Australian itsenäisyyspäivä?
Milloin kuningas Alfred hallitsi Englantia?
Miksi varhaiskristillisyys ei ollut sallittua ennen vuotta 315?
Miten Pokémon-sarjan päähenkilön nimi kirjoitetaan?
Mikä on protestanttien osuus kaikista maailman kristityistä?
Mikä Suomen armeijan yksikkö vastasi Suvannon puolustuksesta Keljan taistelussa?
Milloin Eastenders-televisiosarja alkoi?
Miksi kamelin varpaat ovat kaksijakoiset?
Kuka johti Norjaa vuonna 1940?
Mitkä kaupungit kuuluvat Etelä-Afrikkaan?
Kuinka montaa eri soitinta konservatoriossa voi harjoitella?
Minä vuonna Syyria on perustettu?
Mitkä ovat elämän rakennusaineet?
Mikä on Glenda Farrellin menestynein elokuva?
Mikä on Serbian BKT?
Milloin Aristofanes syntyi?
Milloin väritelevisio keksittiin?
Milloin Deadpool-sarjakuvaa alettiin julkaisemaan?
Minä vuonna Sanaan vanhakaupunki on rakennettu?
Mitä alailmakehä tarkoittaa?
Minä vuonna KELA perustettiin?
Minä vuonna One Piece -manga julkaistiin?
Mistä Counter-Strike-pelin nimi tulee?
Mihin zenbuddhalaisuus perustuu?
Minä vuonna Massachusetts perustettiin?
Milloin Natalie Kalmus syntyi?
Kuinka monta tuntia vuorokaudesta valaat nukkuvat?
Mistä Honda-yhtiö on saanut nimensä?
Vaikuttaako syklitsiini aivoissa?
Milloin Richard Attenborough kuoli?
Minä vuonna Wang Mang syntyi?
Mihin Wassily Kandinsky kuoli?
Onko sijoitusrahasto yksityinen?
Voiko päänsärkyyn kuolla?
Kuka oli punaisten johtaja Suomen sisällissodassa?
Mistä hindulainen jumala Shiva tunnetaan?
Miten odotetun hyödyn teoria määritellään?
Miten hermeneutiikkaa käytetään?
Mihin Bagrat IV kuoli?
Miksi Preussi luhistui?
Kuinka laajalle Jehovan todistajat ovat levinneet?
Kuka käsikirjoitti ensimmäisen Power Rangers -elokuvan?
Miten talousteoriassa määritellään tasapainotila?
Missä HMS Ilex palveli toisen maailmansodan alussa?
Milloin Sparta voitti ensimmäisen käsipalloilun Suomen mestaruuden?
Montako liigamestaruutta Di Stéfano voitti Real Madridin riveissä?
Missä kulki saksien ja normannien hallitseman Englannin raja?
Mikä on Rooman pinta-ala?
Minä vuonna Suomessa alkoi teollistuminen?
Kuinka kauan Matti Tapion ohjaama Seitsemän veljestä -näytelmä kestää?
Kuka loi Ant-Manin?
Montako saarta kuuluu Polynesian saaristoon?
Missä kaupungissa Mary Wollstonecraft syntyi?
Milloin RFID on keksitty?
Mistä Jaroslav Pelikan tunnetaan?
Kuinka moneen maantieteelliseen osaan Venäjä voidaan jakaa?
Milloin skientologia on keksitty?
Ketkä ovat mukana Darfurin konfliktissa?
Kuinka paljon Marvel-kustantamon sarjakuvissa esiintyvä Tuhoaja painaa?
Milloin USS Saratoga tilattiin?
Kuinka suuri Pohjanmeri on?
Missä Zhu Xi syntyi?
Mikä muistinhallintayksikön tehtävä on?
Ketkä näyttelivät Älä kerro äidille 2 -sarjan päähenkilöitä?
Kuka on kirjoittanut ensimmäisen suomenkielisen kappaleen?
Kuinka monta ottelua yksi joukkue pelaa yhden NHL-kauden aikana?
Ovatko pequotit olleet sodassa toisten intiaanien kanssa?
Mikä on nykyisin sota-ajan rangaistus maanpetoksesta Suomessa?
Milloin ateismi on kehitetty?
Milloin ensimmäiset kiinalaiset kirjoitukset löydettiin?
Miten kauan keisarillinen Japani on ollut olemassa?
Montako saamelaista asui Suomessa vuonna 2018?
Kuka voitti Karkun taistelun?
Miten slangi eroaa murteesta?
Miten nelitahtinen määritellään?
Mistä Hippolyte Fizeau tunnetaan?
Oliko Jyväskylässä yliopisto vuonna 2019?
Kuka on Talibanin perustaja?
Kuka kehitti pervasiivisen pelin?
Onko Sheev Palpatine sivuhenkilö Tähtien sota -elokuvassa?
Milloin Suomen ensimmäinen lukio rakennettiin?
Milloin valtatie 9 on rakennettu?
Mikä on Tanskan pinta-ala?
Millä alueilla potawatomit ovat asuneet?
Mistä maasta avokadot löydettiin?
Mikä on Qindaon pinta-ala?
Milloin Islantia asutettiin?
Mikä on Japanin kansalliseläin?
Minkä ikäinen Rita Repulsa on Power Rangers -sarjassa?
Mitä tarkoittaa superpositio?
Milloin Japanin keisarikunta hajosi?
Kuka omisti GTS Finnjetin Suomessa ollessaan?
Milloin Romania on perustettu?
Mitä ovat nootropiinit?
Mitkä ovat presidentin oikeudet?
Millä vuosikymmenellä Englannissa käytiin sisällissota?
Minä vuonna Tunnuskirjat on julkaistu?
Monenko valtion kanssa Intialla on maaraja?
Milloin tupakan polttaminen keksittiin?
Kuinka monta asukasta Sirkassa on?
Osallistuvatko kaikki maat olympialaisiin?
Mitkä ovat turvallisuuskomitean aikaisemmat nimet?
Mikä on avoimen ja suljetun lähdekoodin ero?
Mikä aurinkokunta on lähimpänä omaamme?
Kuinka lämmintä Baikaljärven vesi on?
Minkä ikäinen Obi-Wan Kenobi on Tähtien sota -elokuvien ensimmäisessä osassa?
Onko massa negatiivinen yhtälö?
Onko omena orgaanista kemiaa?
Mitä Muslimiliitto tekee?
Kuka on kehittänyt laskentatoimen?
Kuka oli Petra Kvitován valmentaja?
Mikä oli cherokeeiden aluperäinen asuinpaikka?
Mistä slaavilainen mytologia on saanut alkunsa?
Kuka vastaa Haades-jumalaa roomalaisessa mytologiassa?
Kuinka suuri HMCS Iroquois on?
Mitä tarkoittaa stoalainen?
Miten maakeskinen maailmankuva määritellään?
Keitä creekit ovat?
Mistä Fête de la Musique -tapahtuma on saanut alkunsa?
Milloin sähkö keksittiin?
Milloin Mustaparta aloitti merirosvoamisen?
Mitkä ovat Afganistanin rajanaapurit?
Mikä oli Ruandan BKT vuonna 2018?
Mikä oli Mirage Studiosin ensimmäinen sarjakuva?
Kuinka Suomen valtatiet numeroidaan?
Mistä anarkistimerkki on saanut alkunsa?
Miksi Lahden varuskunta lakkautettiin?
Miten määritellään elämäntyö?
Mikä on Madagaskarin lähin valtio Afrikan mantereella?
Voiko ihminen vaikuttaa sähkömagneettiseen säteilyyn?
Voittiko "Kuninkaan puhe" -elokuva Oscar-palkintoja?
MIkä on puhutuin kieli Etelä-Afrikassa?
Missä Jyskä sijaitsee?
Mikä on William Faulknerin tunnetuin teos?
Milloin Arena Online on julkaistu?
Milloin Rom Harrésta tuli filosofi?
Minä vuonna Greenpeace Nordic on perustettu?
Missä maassa valo-oppi löydettiin ensimmäisenä?
Milloin GNU-projekti perustettiin?
Kuka oli Ruotsin harmonikkakuningas?
Minkä ikäinen mestari Tikku on?
Kuka on perustanu Kiekko-Espoon?
Montako Eurooppatietä Suomessa on?
Onko "Autot"-elokuvasta tehty jatko-osa?
Miksi suomen kieli eroaa muiden Pohjoismaiden kielistä?
Kuinka pitkä poliisikoiran palvelusaika on?
Kuinka monta divisioonaa on Suomen koripalloliigassa?
Mitä bullnose-traktori tarkoittaa?
Kuka tuli aika-ajoissa paalulle Belgian GP:ssä vuonna 1998?
Miloin ensimmäinen "Ajan pyörä" -kirja on kirjoitettu?
Kuka oli Therese Johaugin valmentaja?
Mitä meripihkasta tehdään?
Mikä on Tatran myydyin malli?
Mistä ilmalaivojen "zeppeliini"-nimitys tulee?
Kuuluiko Neuvostoliiton armeijaan yhtäkään naista?
Minä vuonna He-Man-sarja julkaistiin Suomessa?
In which year was the Baltic Sea named?
Is there a sequel coming for the movie 'It'?
Is the Canterbury Cathedral the highest church of England?
What is the production company behind the show White Collar?
When did the city state of Rhodes fall?
When were F1 racies first held at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps race track?
How many expansions were made for Warcraft III?
What was the most popular video game of the 80s?
When did Alfredo Reinado die?
What is the population of Patras?
What type or characters are the protagonists of 'Pertsa and Kilu' book series?
What does a "prayer room commune" mean?
In what year was the Fullmetal Alchemist manga series released?
Did meditation originate in China?
When did the Russian state first become independent?
In what year was Malta founded?
How many times has Evander Holyfield won the world heavyweight championship?
What is the definition of clay?
What is Canada's largest territory?
Where was the Quran written?
Which ruling party is led by Nursultan Nazarbayev?
In what century did the state ban the practice of paganism?
In what year did the movie Full Metal Jacket premiere?
When was phenomenography developed?
How many states are there in Central America?
How long can a blitzkrieg last?
In which country is the world's largest phosphorus factory?
How many films has Steven Spielberg directed (the year 2018 included)?
When was New Caledonia founded?
Can flutes be crafted of metal?
Who owns the Helsinki Metro?
Where does Metal Gear Solid get its name from?
Are neutrons produced in a research reactor?
What is the definition of satire?
Where did the West Bank get its name from?
Did the Yongle Emperor have any descendants?
When was Criminal Minds first released?
Who was the last CEO of Friitala?
What does the phrase 'Caliph in the place of the Caliph' mean?
Has Raymond D. Whitney won any world championships?
Has there ever been a civil war in Japan?
How many Finnish universities offer the the change to study the Licentiate of Medicine degree?
What is the climate of China?
What is the definition of?
What is the definition of a flashback?
How many founding members did Black Sabbath have?
How large is the area of Sri Lanka?
What is the population of New York City?
Who was the protagonist of the movie 'Flightplan'?
Are there any surviving descendants of the Mayan people?
In what year did dance hall dancing first appear in Finland?
When was the freezer invented?
When were Schnauzers first breeded?
What is the role of morality in decision making?
What is the definition of wastewater?
Who are the super villain allies of Sandman?
What was the birth year of Vladimir the Great?
What does the abbreviation URL mean?
What is the percentage of the British indigenous population in the population of London?
Is the Moon the largest moon in our solar system?
Where was the cellular phone invented?
Which team won the hockey tournament in the Nagano Winter Olympics?
What is Michael Bay's birth year?
Are belief and opinion the same thing?
Is software warfare legal?
How old was Rajaa al-Sanea when her father died?
What are the different types of underdetermination?
Who constructed HMS Black Swan?
When did Finland start using the Leopard 2 tank?
What caused the Spanish Civil War?
When did the Ukrainian War of Independence end?
How many NHL matches has Pascal Pelletier played?
When was arithmetic first used?
Do the Comoros have any inhabitants?
Was Russia officially established in 1991?
Who created the video game character Super Mario?
What is the national dish of Singapore?
When was the movie 'American Hot Wax' released?
What was the result of the British-French invasion to the Åland Islands during the Crimean War?
What is the origin of the term 'saga'?
What was the most profitable movie of 2005?
When is the Turkish Independence Day?
Which country had the first female president?
How many colonies are there?
Why is the Equator important?
Who started the show 'Allsång på Skansen'?
When were atoms split for the first time?
What products are offered in the Tampere Market Hall?
How much does an adult Marsh Deer weigh?
What was Nelson Piquet's team in his last F1 race?
When was Patras conquered?
What is the smallest planet in our solar system?
Does arrhythmia have any side effects?
What was the founding year of Warner Bros Animation?
How many races does a Formula 1 season have?
Did the Soviet Union take any Finnish prisoners of war during the Winter War?
What was Stan Lee’s last cameo role?
What is the definition of impressionist music?
When did the Eastern Orthodox Church become the established church of Russia?
Is osteoporosis a hereditary disease?
What is the definition of toxin?
What is the definition of 'anthropomorphic animals'?
How many countries used the Junkers Ju aircraft during the World War II?
Is Latin considered a dead language?
Is Atlus a Japanese corporation?
Has there ever been a Finnish Secretary-General of the United Nations?
Does Italy have any iron ore deposits?
When was the electrogardiograph machine invented?
When was the band Toto founded?
What is the US home state of the band 'Camper Van Beethoven'?
How long does a police dog's training period last?
Can emotions be transmitted to another person?
When was hemp first cultivated?
Who was the director of 'The King of Queens'?
Who is the female protagonist in Terminator 2: Judgment Day?
Why did not Philip V reign over Spain during the entire year of 1724?
How many Formula 1 races are held annually in North America?
When were The Simpsons first broadcasted in Finland?
When did the Locomobile Company of America cease its operations?
Where did Friedrich August von Hayek spend his childhood?
What was the name of Oliver Cromwell's army?
In how many countries was the the series 'The Vampire Diaries' filmed?
When was the concept of absolute idealism created?
What is the structure of Earth?
How are crags formed?
How many pages does 'The Saga of Darren Shan' have?
What is the definition of a 'social media phenomenon'?
How many islands does Vietnam possess?
What caused the death of Henrik Gabriel Porthan?
How many books did Immanuel Kant write?
Are the terms 'secular' and 'agnostic' synonymous?
Where was Finland's first kennel founded?
What was the origin of the term 'Orientalizing period'?
Do office buildings have insurances?
What originally Finnish regions have been annexed to Russia?
When was Nicaragua founded?
What is the definition of the deductive-nomological model?
Which British monarch is the protagonist of The King's Speech?
Who are the Abkhaz people?
Where was Esa Pakarinen born?
Who is the owner of the DC comic universe?
How old was Johan Wilhelm Rangell at the time of his death?
What are Aquaman's powers?
Does Platon's philosophy still influence the modern society?
When was the first Finnish polio case recorded?
Is patterned cloth always printed?
How old was Robert Aldrich at the time of his death?
Is log driving known outside of Finland?
Is addiction a disease?
When did people start to consume beef?
How large is our galaxy?
When was the term 'history' defined?
How long is the coastline of Greece (in kilometers)?
When was the G8 founded?
Does France have the longest military history in the world?
What is medicated with amphetamine?
What is the color of a red panda's fur?
How deep is the deepest spot of the Mediterranean?
How large is India?
What caused the German revolutions of 1848–1849?
What is the distance between Mercury and Earth?
Has the meaning of life been discovered?
How many times was Jarl Lundqvist married?
What is the definition of a combat trench?
Can beer be made of rye?
What is Gianluigi Buffon's birth year?
When was the Shin Megami Tensei game released?
Can animals have cancer?
What was the origin of the movie 'Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice'?
What is the definition of the octal numeral system?
In which English county is Rayleigh located?
What is the origin of the term 'antihistamine'?
How large was South Korea's population in 2018?
How many books did Homer write?
How many Finns participated in the Allied Control Commission?
When was the term 'fashion' invented?
When was the first VR game released?
Is Ruthenian a dead language?
How much was the apartment cost per square meter in Tampere according to the most recent statistics?
Which people and language groups are considered to be Germanic?
What was Australia's GDP in 2018?
What is the most populous city of India?
Who received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1987?
Can the protagonist dive in Grand Theft Auto: Vice City Stories?
Does The Tale of Genji have any animal characters?
How many islands does New Caledonia have?
How many Indo-European languages are spoken today?
Is a tree trunk considered to be alive?
How many regiments are included in a division?
What was Danny Groulx's first team?
What was the birth place of modernism?
How many classifications of disability are there?
Which countries are parts of Asia?
Which team won the first NFL season?
When was the first Suprb model constructed?
What is the world's largest cult of personality?
What is the definition of carbon compound?
What is the capital New Zealand?
What is the capital of Singapore?
Who was the founder of Beloit?
When was the Tinkerer created?
When was the first Superb model constructed?
What was the origin of Marxism?
Does PlayStation Portable allow two players simultaneously?
What is the definition of stereophonic?
What is a bolometer?
How large is Australia's largest farm?
What is Greece's smallest inhabited island?
How many Formula 1 races did British Racing Motors participate in?
What is the origin of Ahimsa?
Who are allowed to found a worker cooperative?
When was the first technological invention?
Is the Italian language a descendant of Latin?
What does the term 'Tory' stand for?
What was the first printed picture printed on?
What was Finland's first political party?
Is 'neekeri' considered a banned word in the Finnish dictionary?
What is the definition of Transcaucasia?
What is Pekka Sakari Silvola's birth year?
When was the first Simerock held?
What is the top speed of a rocket?
How many times was Elizabeth David married?
How much has the consumption of alcohol increased?
What was the first self service library called?
How much can a donkey carry?
What is the educational philosophy of the Waldorf education?
When was the first virtual sports team founded?
How many species are included in the alcedinidae family?
What caused the Battle of Trafalgar?
When did Stan Lee start his career at Marvel Comics?
What kind of software is considered 'modular'?
Who has driven the most races for team Benetton?
Who was assigned the new Chief of Defence of the Finnish Defence Command in 2019?
What is Peter Sellers' birth year?
Was Henry the Lion married twice?
How large is the area of Janakkala?
What are the indicators of resource wisdom in global resource consumption?
Who are the Travelers?
How old was James Potter at the time of his death?
Does the Moon have any organic life?
When was the Mont-Saint-Michel Abbey active?
Which country has the smallest difference of health between indivuals?
How long is basil's growth period?
What is the maximum age of a sperm whale?
Which countries border Mexico?
What is the definition of a 'heroon'?
What is the width of Konnivesi?
What is the most popular attraction of Chile?
Who plays the protagonist of Criminal Minds?
Who was the developer of Power Rangers?
Who was the creator of strategic management?
Did Sami Salonen play in France during his active career?
When was MGL founded?
When was the first electron discovered?
What is the birth city of Antoine Lavoisier?
Who plays the protagonist of Black Moon?
When was the Maltan language first spoken?
What is the world's oldest known ethnic group?
Who was the Finnish shot put champion of 2018?
In what century was fluorine discovered?
How can a computer be infested with spyware?
Does Finland have any poisonous berries?
What is the atomic number of water?
Where was the first nuclear reactor developed?
When did the Finnish Civil War begin?
What are the two dwarf planets of our solar system?
When was RNA discovered?
What is Salvador Navarro's home country?
What was the population of Turkey in 2018?
When did Brahmagupta die?
How are whales hunted?
What is one of the most well know books of Eino Jutikkala?
Where were the Winter War's largest battles located?
What are the duties of a major general?
What is the definition of a scientific procedure?
How many Finnish NHL players are there?
What is the most important source of sustenance for snails?
What is Sara Shepard's birth place?
What is the definition of hormones?
What is a stonecrop?
When was Anna Huotari first elected to the Parliament of Finland?
Which Roman emperor reigned after Julian?
Which Indian board game inspired Kimble?
Has the Lahti Ski Games ever hosted the world championships of skiing?
When was Bohemia founded?
What is the world's smallest continent?
How long was the sentence of "Lula", Brazil's former president?
When did Erich von Manstein serve in the Wehrmacht?
Is Rauman Lukko a founding member of the Finnish hockey league?
Which divison had the most casualties in the Continuation War?
What is the distance of roads between Lahti and Heinola?
Which parts of the world did vikings conquer?
How can the origin of data be measured?
Where was Stanley Milgram born?
What is the definition of trotskyism?
What are the requirements for involuntary treatment?
When was the Finnish Virtual Polytechnic founded?
Where was Juho Huiskanen buried?
How many temas participate in the Super Series annually?
When did witch hunts begin in Sweden?
How old is Jaska Jokunen in the Peanuts comics?
When was the concept of neologism invented?
How large was Japan's navy in World War II?
What are the origins of Ypäjä's name?
Who crafted the first flute?
What is Finland's largest library building?
How much does a katana weight?
Who was the leader of the Soviet Russia during the Estonian War of Independence.
Who developed the HMS Jackal?
What was the percentage of non-Finnish speakers in Vantaa in 2014?
Is rehabilitation included in a sick leave?
Who are the Pashtuns?
Where did Konstantin Tsiolkovsky study before his teaching career?
What is a pyroelectric fusion?
What was Finland's first bus route?
What is Finland's oldest garrison?
Where did Kalle Kurg spend his childhood?
Which gothic rock band released the song 'Love Under Will' in the late 80s?
What is the most popular novel of Lucy Montgomery?
How much of Muhammad's biography was devoted to the concept of Jihad?
When was the communist ideology created?
What is a florin?
Is platypus fur waterproof?
Is genetic fluctuation visible in a person's appearance?
What are the ingredients of a Tilda cocktail?
What was the driving idea behind the Power Rangers series?
What is the definition of a new media business?
When did Carter Brown emigrate to Australia?
When was the ice breaker Wäinämöinen deployed for the first time?
When were digital watches invented?
When did the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth exist?
How many seasons does the Hannah Montana series have?
How many chicken farms does Finland have?
How long did Mawson's South Pole expedition last?
What is the capital of Tonga?
When was the citizen's initiative first introduced?
When was Nissan Silvia first produced?
When was the MAN Group established?
How have the Ainu people managed to survive in Japan?
Who was the creator of urban economics?
What is Proventus AB's home country?
When did Israel receive independence?
Who were the creators of Rachel Berry?
What is the distance between Ylitornio and Tornio?
What was the final result of the Battle of Berezina?
Who is commonly considered to be the creator of the printing press?
What is the most popular Daihatsu model?
Which three mathematical laws apply to natural numbers?
How large is the area of Antalya?
Who was the founder of Portugal?
Who was the creator of guitar's effect pedals?
Where does the United Russia party receive its funding?
Why is 18 years considered to be the threshold of adulthood?
What is the definition of an adventure game?
How many years did Nicolas Jean-de-Dieu Soult serve as Napoleon's field marshal?
What is the most frequently used mechanic in roguelike games?
When was the magnetic tape invented?
How long are the episodes of Lost (in minutes)?
What was the first jazz album?
When was the iPod introduced globally?
When was the concept of E-democracy invented?
When was the hepatitis C virus first discovered?
Was Cheek's song 'Sokka irti' composed by Keko Salata?
When were chili peppers first introduced to Finland?
How large is the area of Austria?
When was Paik Sun-yup born?
Did summers exist during the Viking Age?
Who invented the concept of name day?
When was ASIMO created?
Where are creole languages spoken at?
How many Aegean Islands are there?
What two basic templates do collective labour agreements have?
What is the definition of the iris of the eye?
How long is the Heinävesi canal?
When were the last witch trials held?
Why have China and Japan warred agains each other twice?
Where is the city of Astrakhan?
How many books did Heinrich Hoffman write?
What is the main subject of seismology?
What are the components of steel?
Do the Ural Mountains have any animal habitation?
When was the first Corvette model launched?
What is Finland's most poisonous mushroom?
How many soccer league championships has FC Bayern Munich won in May 2019?
What happened during the Conquest of Oulu?
How many actors does 'Star Wars: Revenge of the Sith' have?
Who is the mayor of Oulu?
Is the Red Sea actually red?
How does a compass function?
Who was Franz Liszt?
How large was Egypt's population in 2018?
Did the nuclear bomb of Nagasaki precede Hiroshima?
How long is the road between Kharkiv and Donetsk?
How many congregations does a deanery have?
What is the capital of Argentina?
What cities reside in Western Finland?
Who was the first Secretary of the UN?
When was Russia founded?
Where did the tale of Pinocchio originate from?
What was Greece's GDP in 2017?
Does Finland have child taxes?
Who wrote the movie 'Prince of Egypt'?
When did the Kuril Islands dispute begin?
How old was Edward III when he was crowned?
What was Finland's first freight port?
How are atomic nuclei harvested?
What was the Bagrationi dynasty's greatest achievement?
What is the capital of Namibia?
Who was the head of Finland's first government?
Why did the Roman Empire fall?
Who created the science of geography?
When was Dassault corporation founded?
When were the first interpreters introduced?
What caused the death of Zhu Xi?
When was the painting 'The Night Watch' completed?
When was the Somerset House constructed?
How many types of apartments are there?
Where did George R. R. Martin spend his childhood?
What is the world's largest Native American tribe?
Dos the Russian culture retain any traces of the Butovan culture?
How many bald eagles are there?
Was Colophon a Greek colony?
Who won the first winter Olympic medal for Japan?
Do seas have cyanophyta?
When was Intel's 9th generation processer first published?
When did Joseph Stalin reign in the Soviet Union?
What was the first aeroplane crafted by Boeing?
When was Al Capone Chicago's highest ranking gangster?
When were the Tintin comics first published in Finland?
When was mammography first developed?
What is the main objective of the Alliance for the Future of Austria?
How long is the movie 'Amélie'?
Where is Strömma located in Sweden?
Where is From Software from?
How many different hormones are there?
How many inhabitants did Kerala have in 2018?
Do mammals produce thick milk?
Is Shego the main antagonist of Kim Possible?
Who wrote the late 80s song 'I've Got the Power'?
What is the definition of a bell-ringer?
What was the largest battle of the Winter War?
Where does Matthew rank in the order of the New Testament's gospels?
What is the hazard limit for radioactive radiation?
When was the construction of HMHS Britannic ordered?
Who were the parents of Taavetti Laatikainen?
Who won the first DTM competition?
Who was the first famous Finnish opera singer?
Were South Vietnam and the US allied against North Vietnam during Operation Lam Son 719?
Has Drayson Bowman ever won the Stanley Cup?
Are new genes absorbed into populations due to evolution only after hundreds of generations?
How old was Willi Gerold when he fought at the late stage of World War II?
What is the definition of a lyrical bass singer?
When was Haruki Murakami born?
What is the age requirement for Metal Gear Solid: Portable Ops?
How long does a harvest last?
What was the first composition of Toivo Kärki?
Where is the Onion Festival held in Finland?
What caused the death of Oskari Heikki Jussila?
When was the first lighter invented?
What is the largest Greek island?
Did Geishas possess any rights in pre-modern times?
What is the most important rule of Judaism?
What was Nikke Pärmi's last assignment as a commander?
What was Tom Reagan's first book?
Who did the first pilgrimage?
When did Hugo Riemann die?
Are non-Islamic religions tolerated in Kurdistan?
When did the series' first season launch in the United States?
What are Alaska's Canadian border territories?
Which Finnish band wrote the song 'Pohjois-Amerikka' in the 80s?
How many South Bothnian casualties were there during the Finnish Civil War?
What is the definition of a monk?
How much does an adult sperm whale weight?
When was the church of Jämsä constructed?
What was Zimbabwe's GDP in 2018?
What was the population of Palestine in 2018?
Can reptiles have more than four limbs?
Who was the creator of Digimon?
What country is the largest banana producer?
How many sequels has Grand Theft Auto had?
What was the capital of the Afrikaner state?
How many Xbox versions has there been?
What was Laurasia?
How old was Vihtori Kosola at the time of his death?
How many Apple Macintosh versions has there been?
Which band wrote 'Kyoto Song' in the 80s?
What is the unit price for PIK-12?
What is the largest city of Levant?
Was the first firearm invented in the United States?
What is Finland's oldest security business?
What is the definition of pan-africanism?
Which car manufacturer is Daimler Company Ltd's primary challenger?
How does speculation assist in avoiding material cost peaks?
When did Alex Plante start his professional career?
When was the first church of Finland constructed?
How many children did Frances Grey have?
When were the first information wars waged?
Has Zack Snyder ever received an Academy Award?
Is it possible to touch a star?
How is the communion done in Finnish churches?
When was F. A. Jusélius born?
Do the Dutch East Indies exist anymore?
How much does a phonograph cylinder weight?
What is the philosophic concept of consciousness?
Has the Greek mythology been compiled into a single book?
What were the early stages of the Roman Empire?
What are the components of wood?
What is the most densely populated territory of Canada?
Where was the electric engine used for the first time?
What is the most well know attraction of Panelia?
How many seasons of Rizzoli & Isles are there?
When was Paul Mata born?
Who has won the most Formula 1 races?
What company produces Ghost Rider comics?
How many wind parks Finland had in 2018?
When was the Laukko Manor constructed?
Who developed the first flight simulation game?
How large is the marine iguana?
Are Udmurts considered to be Russians?
Which dog breed originated in Finland?
What is the definition of crystallography?
What is the function of a weapon depot?
What was the definition of the Finnish Party?
What was the birthplace of Tim Sparv?
What is the largest Pokémon breed?
Who was the last head of state of the Soviet Union?
Where are Delta Airlines' headquarters?
What was the estimated late Bronze Age population of the region corresponding to modern Finland?
For how long did the Opportunity function?
How does Volga rank among the world's longest rivers?
What is the definition of a Borean language?
What is the greatest NHL achievement of Carolina Hurricanes?
What is the origin of the term "Sioux"?
Who was the founder of LucasArts?
Did Finland have the world's first female president?
What was Paavo Pajunen known for?
Which caused the Modoc War?
When were ions discovered?
Who was the world's first interpreter?
Did Vadim Shipachyov win an Olympic gold medal in 2018?
Who is the owner of Tampere Saints?
What is the maximum weight of a piano?
Is the computer a Finnish invention?
Does Turku have a railroad terminal?
What is the definition of a "free player"?
How many sequels does 'Night of the Living Dead' have?
Can atom movements be physically felt?
Does any country claim the Arctic Ocean?
What was the first animated series broadcasted in the Finnish television?
What was the most common Finnish male name in 2018?
What is the definition of a volcanic island?
How many seats does the National Assembly of Cambodia have in the bicameral parliament of Cambodia?
How much force does falling supposedly create?
Who put an end to the Years of Lead?
Can a couple be married in a local register office?
When was Laukaa founded?
When was the construction of USS Nimitz ordered?
What is a counselor of state?
How many car body models are there?
Is the act of thinking considered to be a chemical reaction?
When did the North Karelian mythology originate?
When was HMS Castleton constructed?
Does Saturn have any oxygen?
When was the European National Romantic period?
When was the TV series 'Sonic' broadcasted?
Are all Walt Disney movies animated?
When did the Global Food Crisis begin to take a turn for the better?
What is the oldest Finnish municipality?
When did Elena Dementieva start playing tennis?
What determines a horse's color?
Who was Time magazine's Person of the Year in 1994?
How large is the Moomin House?
Which country produces the greatest amount of information?
What is the definition of artistic music?
How many companies in Finland engage in emissions trading?
Where was the first Finnish school that taught Finnish language and culture, founded in the 1960s?
Who translated Johan Huizinga's book Homo Ludens into Finnish?
How old was Mao Zedong when he passed away?
How many founding members did Depeche Mode have?
In what year was the first Finnish government established?
How big was the Roman Empire at its peak?
Is there metal manufacturing in Finland?
How many years did Nasty Suicide play in the Hanoi Rocks?
When was the first hard disk drive invented?
What year was Rakennustieto Oy founded?
What is the definition of avant-garde?
How many Oscars did the film Who Framed Roger Rabbit win?
Which novel did Tom Clancy debut with?
Where does the term White Night come from?
What is the recommended age for watching the anime series Naruto?
What is the NHL team playing in Ottawa called?
In year 2018, how many inhabitants were there on São Tomé and Príncipe?
What was Genghis Khan known for?
What is the population of India?
In what city was Gabriel Lippmann born in?
What is the recommended age for the film Angels & Demons?
What is the largest city in Ireland?
When did elk hunting in Finland become regulated?
Do white blood cells travel in the the blood vessels?
According to conditions in the Moscow Armistice, was Finland supposed to drive out the German troops from its territory?
What is the average age range in the village of Pitkäjärvi?
When was the term precession introduced?
What decade was democracy coined in?
How many films did Veit Harlan direct?
Was the Qing dynasty strict for the Chinese?
Who is known for being the most instrumental person in promoting the culture of ancient Rome?
What does jamming of water mean?
What is the second largest municipality of the Åland Islands?
What is the most important livelihood of the Inuit?
What is the most popular white wine in France?
When did Al-Abbas ibn Abd al-Muttalib die?
How many teams played in the NFL during its inaugural season?
Why was Onni Happonen assassinated by the Lapua movement?
When did animals begin to be used as test subjects in scientific experiments?
Is the Kuiper belt visible from the Earth?
What was the Delahaye?
How much could a camera weigh in the 1940s?
What is the signum of the Marine Corps?
What was Nicole Oresme's cause of death?
How many children are there in the Baudelaire family?
How many Digimon characters are there in the Digimon Adventure series?
What is the origin for religious beliefs?
Who created the animated character Stitch?
What was Simo Häyhä's cause of death?
What is the population density in the city of Kharkiv?
Are there mountains in Dubai?
What is the Admiralty?
Which decade was the first house built in Finland?
In what year was Ivalo founded?
When was the infertility treatment introduced in Finland?
During which historical periods did the Japanese Samurais serve?
Where did shooting of the film Interstellar take place?
What is the founding year of the VR Group?
Who are members in the Cosa Nostra?
How many pages are there in the novel Nuoren opettajattaren varaventtiili?
From where was the tradition of longhouses brought to Finland?
Why was the religious group founded by Tapani Koivuniemi shut down?
Who were the parents of Psusennes II?
What is the total area of the state of Minnesota?
Where did witch hunts originate?
What state is located west of the state of Bavaria?
Did the German High Command understand in late December 1944 that they would fail in the Battle of the Bulge?
How old was Aarne Sihvo when he died?
When was Kobelco founded?
When was the Finnish army established?
What was the population of the Komi Republic in 2019?
When was free trade established?
What percentage of severely depressed patients benefit from electrotherapy?
Where was the province of Anjou located?
When was Eryx founded?
What is X-ray crystallography?
How much does the heaviest known Swedish copper coin weigh?
In what year was Tim Sparv born?
When did Susanne Lindholm become an airport handling agent?
In what year did Christopher Lee pass away?
What is Alberto Del Rio's billed weight?
Are blood vessels part of the respiratory system?
Where were the first mobile phones manufactured?
Who started calculating time?
Who won the seventh season of the Biggest Loser in the United States?
When did the One Piece anime series premiere?
How many satellites have Russia sent into space?
How many films did Charlie Chaplin feature in?
Can the core of the Earth explode?
How is sexual maturity defined?
Which car models did Eugene Farkas design for Ford?
In the territory of which present-day country is Caporetto located in?
Who founded the Republic of Fiji?
Can president become a dictator?
Is there a Finnish law concerning the conservation of nature?
When was Brian Clough named Manager of the Year in England?
Can you study to become an art critic in Finland?
Who was the last leader of the second Jaeger Battalion?
Who is the inventor of dry dock?
What is Saint George best known for?
What percentage of children have language developmental disorders?
Where was John Ernst Worrell Keely born?
How many indigenous people are there in Africa?
Who made the decision to split Finland into counties?
When was Hepatitis A discovered the first time?
How many kings have ruled over Sweden?
Are there barnacle geese in Finland?
Where was grenade launcher invented?
What does ATP stand for?
Can you know a certain molecule?
Who found the Dodecanese islands?
Which month does it rain the most in Finland?
How many ways can the nucleus decay in?
When was DC Comics founded?
What are the origins of the Finnish people?
What does Dodecapolis mean?
In which year was the Digimon anime series published in Finland?
How much does a camel weigh?
How is capillary action defined?
Does bronze conduct electricity?
What is the national dish of Bolivia?
Which two main eras make up the Middle Ages?
Why is VAT paid separately from the purchase price in the US?
Where is Massilias located?
Which countries took part in the events of the Eastern Front?
Who won the UCL in 2005?
Do amino acids count as vitamins?
How many Panther tanks did Germany manufacture during the Second World War?
Why was Lucius Septimius Severus the emperor of Rome for only 18 years?
How many phonemes does the Estonian language have?
Who designed the Ford Transit van?
Where was Susanne Lindholm born?
Which of the oceans in the One Piece universe has a particularly large amount of sea monsters?
Where are cannabinoid receptors located?
On which day is salary paid in Finland?
Who developed the Estado Novo?
How are position vectors defined?
Is the tennis player Andre Agassi left or right handed?
Who translated MacGyver's name into Finnish?
Is McFly internationally known?
What is the most popular type of wine in Finland?
In which years did Miikka Sakari Kiprusoff play in the team TPS?
How is virtual memory defined?
Have there been personality cults in Finland?
When did Josef Sodomka live?
How old is the Swedish language?
Who decides which words are neologisms?
What is the best sold Xbox game?
How many sagas have been written in Iceland?
What is the area of Ähtäri?
What is the largest lake in the world?
How old was John Fitch at the time of his mother's death?
Where does the rifle get its name from?
Who organized the Paris-Madrid race?
How many soldiers did the Soviet Union have in the Second World War?
How is creationism defined?
Where did Sparta get its name from?
How many episodes of the TV series Glee are there in total?
What is the area of Melanesia?
Can an IRC bot function without constant management?
In which year were ceramics invented?
How is a truce defined?
What is analytic number theory used for?
What was Nono Söderberg's first published work?
In which year did Harry Houdini move to the US?
When was Starcraft published?
What is the largest US state?
When did they start teaching mathematics in Finland?
What was Elina Karjalainen's first book?
How many sections does a cat's digestive system have?
How long is the road from Tornio to Oulu?
Which club drafted Jonathan Dahlén in the second round of the NHL in 2016?
What is the area of Brazil?
In which decade was astronomy invented?
Can you grow chili in Finland?
What is the most common bird in the kingfisher family?
What is The Phantom about?
In which year was nature protection mentioned for the first time?
What is the national animal of India?
What was the GDP of São Tomé and Príncipe in 2018?
Is tourism a livelihood in Bangkok?
What is the area of lake Lapinjärvi?
In which year was Billboard founded?
How far away is Ystad from Stockholm?
When was the first time a citizen initiative was proposed to be implemented?
What does a researcher need consensus for?
What is calcination waste?
How old was Michael Bisping when he started practicing jiu jitsu?
How much has poverty decreased since the beginning of the 20th century?
For how long did the Liu family rule over China?
What is a thiol?
When did people first start learning a trade?
What were the events that led to the Battle of Berezina?
Is the Yiddish language extinct?
Where does the name Cossack culture originate from?
What is a price index?
What does a zombie eat?
In which year was Fath Ali Šah born?
Do Chinese people have their own calendar?
How many founding members did the EU have?
When was the Saaren kartano mansion built?
What is another name for the temperate zone?
What is the speed limit for buses in Finland?
What is the Children's Railway of Budapest?
Where in Finland can you see seals?
Are black panthers dangerous to humans?
In which year was Chyler Leigh born?
Where did atoms come from?
Is Kolkata in the desert?
In which year was Pete Thornton born?
Where are the origins of the raccoon dog?
What is Australia's oldest animal species?
Who was the leader of IRA's operations?
How long is the Salpausselkä ridge system?
How long does it take for a sapling to grow into a tree?
When was Miami Heat founded?
What is the main principle of dialectic materialism?
Who invented tabloidisation?
What is the most common way to produce electricity in Finland?
When was the Anglo-Spanish war fought?
Does psychoactive mean intoxicating?
What was the first SUV?
Does a function happen automatically?
At what age do people usually get the first symptoms of schizophrenia?
What is the name of the Phantom's dog?
Can a city's name be changed?
What is a Mesolithic dwelling?
What other biofuels are there?
What led to the Russian apartment bombings in 1999?
Why are domes becoming more common?
Does Bangladesh share a land border with Laos?
Why did Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold commit the Columbine massacre?
What is the smallest West African country?
In which year was the first movie theater established in Finland?
In which year was the Kirov Railway completed?
In which year was Gunnar Nordström born?
What was China's population in 2018?
How did Assyria collapse?
How many civilians died during the Indonesian National Revolution?
What is a domain?
How did they choose the next emperor in Rome?
What are sedimentary rocks made of?
Who is the singer and lead of Pearl Jam?
What is the third largest city in India?
What was the population of Porvoo in 2018?
What is the name of the hospital built by Elizabeth of Hungary?
How much coffee do the Finns drink in a year?
Where did Julius Caesar die?
Did all living things die during the last ice age?
What was the first plane manufacturer based in Russia?
How tall was John Wayne?
How was anti-aircraft warfare carried out in Helsinki in the fall of 1939?
Are the Udmurts an indigenous people?
Are there two Suns in space?
How many conservatories are there in Finland?
What was Éamon de Valera's effect on Ireland becoming independent?
Where are the headquarters of Paradox Entertainment?
Did Muhammad Ali have one wife?
Is the sabino gene hereditary?
What was the first Finnish TV series?
Where was Finland's first travel agent located?
Who won the first Neste rally?
What is palytoxin used for?
How was the Mälar axe developed?
Has there always been mountains on Earth?
When was the National Library of France established?
On which decade was opera invented?
How long did Alexander I of Russia reign?
How many people have led the army of the Russian Empire?
What is the age limit of the artistic horror game The Path?
How many Oscar nominations did the movie The Lord of the Rings: The Fellowship of the Ring get?
In which year was the keyboard invented?
What was the function of ninjas in Japanese history?
What is iron made of?
Where did the idea for the Pokémon series come from?
In which part of the human body does the immune system operate?
In which year did Keijo Rosberg begin his F1 career?
In which city is Vis I located?
What was Felice Romani's first piece of work?
Which country uses the most rye?
When was the last ice age in Europe?
How old was Ernst Lubitsch when he died?
Who were the Iriadamant people?
What is the Israeli national dish?
When was Lyydiläinen seura ry founded?
How are prime numbers defined?
How can you maintain a vacuum?
How many tankers did Finland have during the Second World War?
Where does the word "native language" come from?
How many litres of water are there in the Volga?
How is an acting rank defined?
When did Jackie Milburn join Newcastle United?
What kind of industry is there in Africa?
When did Hayao Miyazaki win an Oscar?
In which country is the Iberian Peninsula located in the 2010s?
Which moves and grips are allowed in Muay Thai?
Who developed the Swedish language?
How was the role of emperor invented?
What are the three historical parts of Czech Republic?
What does episcopal mean?
In which year was Mobutu Sese Seko born?
Out of all the products imported to Finland, which one is the most important?
Where are the NASA headquarters located?
What is the name of Bon Jovi's third album?
Who was the last tsar of Russia?
How is philosophy defined?
When was excommunication adopted?
Who invented translation?
How do Earthship buildings use heat?
How many Russians played in the NHL in 2019?
What was one of Dwight D. Eisenhower's most important achievements during his time as a president?
When did bananas arrive in Finland?
Who was the leader of Operation Market Garden?
Are nightjars crepuscular or nocturnal?
When was Red Dead Redemption 2 published?
When was Final Fantasy IX published?
Which ice hockey player was known by the byname "Moukari"?
When was Finland's first airplane built?
When was Westwood Studios founded?
What does the biological treatment of sludge mean?
How long is the icebreaker Urho?
What is Anna Ahmatova's best known work?
When did Seleucus I Nicator become king of Persia?
Why did the Democratic Republic of Georgia only last for three years?
Who are the main characters of the book The Amber Spyglass?
Where was the first nuclear reaction developed?
Can you die of chicken pox?
What is the definition of molecular biology?
What is North America's greatest river?
Where did Richard Wagner study to become a conductor?
What is the largest city in the Lofoten Islands?
What was the purpose of Sunday school?
Who wrote the Book of Concord?
Who invented the vacuum cleaner?
What is the second largest city in Venezuela?
How many plants are part of the tobacco family?
Who plays the lead character in the movie Black Panther?
Why did John Franklin die?
What is the southernmost city in France?
How many Americans were killed in the Niger ambush?
Are Ale's Stones a natural rock formation?
Who founded Brazil?
When was Kanda founded?
How old was the oldest known elephant?
How can you get epilepsy?
How do you organise a strike?
Why did the Allied Forces bomb Dresden at the end of the Second World War?
Can amusia be cured?
How long did the Eleusinian Mysteries last?
How is a strategy different from a tactic in chess?
When was the first case of osteoporosis diagnosed in Finland?
How much control does a colonist have over a colony?
What do the Nordic and Germanic storytelling traditions have in common in terms of stories about the hero Sigurd?
In which year was Ondřej Kratěna born?
What is David's Finnish equivalent in the name day calendar?
Which country won the Eurovision Song Contest in 2019?
When was the Humppila coat of arms confirmed?
Where is Louis Malle from?
Why are the Baudelaire children orphans?
What kind of businesses were part of Elannon osuuskauppa?
How many NHL matches has Charles Linglet played?
When was Bonnier founded?
Whom did John II Komnenos marry?
Has the US ever had a female president?
How many species of owls are there in Finland?
What was Finland's first noble family?
Which countries make up Asia?
Is the Queen of England responsible for the English Army?
Who was the first pharaoh of Egypt?
In which year did the horror movie Night of the Living Dead come out?
What happened in China during the Great Leap Forward?
Who are the Koryak people?
Where was Tom Reagan born?
On the list of the world's largest economies measured by GDP, what number is Japan?
Is Daniil Kvjat part of the Toro Rosso team?
How did Platon die?
What is the area of Tallinn?
Who owns the Ruisrock concept?
What was HMS Pretoria Castle's top speed?
Where does the name of the United States come from?
Which legendary punk band has the song Blietzkrieg Bop?
What is the world's oldest pyramid?
What was the most significant event in Bronze Age Scandinavia?
What is OMON?
From which century does the eldest form of the story Arabian Nights come from?
Where does the name of the pomegranate come from?
What did the Han dynasty do to China?
Did the Mahican people have their own language?
Who won the Finnish invasion of the Karelian Isthmus in 1941?
Where was DC Comics founded?
What is the author Hannu Salama best known for?
What is a military state?
When was the combustion engine invented?
When was Jyväskylän Harju first included in Neste Rally?
What kind of information do we have about 12th century Finland?
Did the Indians live in the US first?
Which event ended the Middle Ages?
How influential was the Roman Empire?
What is Google's current software market share?
What was the first Bronze Age dynasty in China?
What was the result of the Battle of Anianpelto?
When were the first firearms developed in Finland?
Does it help to drink water if you have a headache?
What is the definition of corrosion?
Where did Dave Gibbons get the idea for illustrating the comic Watchmen?
How does a wetsuit differ from a drysuit?
When did Petri Pakaslahti become a talent hunter?
What was Boris Yeltsin’s most important achievement during his regime?
Where were Westwood Studios located?
Was John of Damascus a monk?
Who led the White Guard of Finland?
When was Cholera First detected?
What was the population of Sudan in 2018?
Which country consumes the most information?
What is the full name of FISA?
Which countries border Sudan?
How long did Kyoto remain the capital of the Empire of Japan?
What do furocoumarins form of?
How many casualties did the Russians suffer in the Battle of Tannenberg Line?
What are the effects of precession?
How is the National Board of Education defined?
What was Mosaic?
What was the population of Africa in 2018?
Is Spain still a monarchy?
Is Denmark warmer than Finland on average?
What year was Lee Goren born?
Where does the animation Lady and the Tramp get its name from?
What year was Lena Waithe born?
In what year was software warfare developed?
Where does Bumblebee get its name from?
Why was the Ukrainian Tin Can Cathedral built in North America?
When was Man-At-Arms first published?
Has a German airship ever bombed Finland?
Who is Hermas?
Was Thomas the Apostle a traitor?
At what stadium was the first MLB match played?
Who was the first colored president of South Africa?
What did Honda manufacture before cars?
Who won the Masters Tournament in 2019?
Where does the virvonta tradition come from?
Who was the first Finnish champion in boxing?
Who developed the Sega Dreamcast console?
How dangerous is nuclear waste?
What sea is the shallowest?
Which Stephen King book was the first to be adapted to film?
Do Udmurt people still exist?
What is the population of USA?
Which country produces the most rye?
In what year was Finland added to the game Renaissance Kingdoms?
Who invented the bit?
Who is the best selling author of Germany?
Does Grenoble have any famous attractions?
How many children does Sauli Niinistö have?
What are the members of the band Vuohi called?
How long did the Roman Empire last?
What does the Earth's Moon consist of?
Which two English teams met in the 2018-19 Champions League final?
How much does a bit weigh?
Who is considered the founder of a historical novel?
When did King Diamond start his musical career?
Are the Kuril Islands inhabited?
What was Finland's most profitable company in 2018?
In what year did IBM open its first branch in Finland?
What is the largest island in the world?
Can Chibi Vampire manga be found in Finland?
Who developed Flash animation?
Where did the clothing style of geishas come from?
Was the U.S. Civil War political by nature?
When did the Stargate series start airing?
Who played the protagonist in Transformers: The Last Knight?
Where did Simo Häyhä learn to be a sniper?
Which country was the first one to grow tomatoes?
What is overdetermination?
What is the distance by road between Tver and Moscow?
What is Sweden's fourth most populated city?
When was Persona 1 released?
Was Mozilla Foundation involved in developing JavaScript?
How many actors played leading roles in the film The Pleasure Garden?
Did Canada beat Finland in the 1994 World Hockey Championship?
How is Ethology defined?
Who invented ballet?
Who invented the mortar?
What was Zack Snyder's first movie?
In what year was George Edward Foreman born?
How long did the Bronze Age last?
What is the population of Eurakoski?
Who play the protagonists in the television series Charmed?
What was the political intention of Bure’s map?
Where does the English name Chibi Vampire come from?
In what year did Finland get its Finnish name 'Suomi'?
What is the second largest city of Ireland?
Do Chinese people understand Japanese?
Does the size of a mammals penis affect its role in the tribe?
What was the name of Aleksis Kivi's when he was born?
How strong is the Earth's atmosphere?
What do Africa's resources include?
When was pottery invented?
Has the island state of Japan moved during the last decade?
How long is the lake Kolmisoppinen?
When was Vidar Shipping Company Ltd founded?
What was the population of Michigan in 2018?
Who led the city of Syracuse?
Who fought in the Second Boer War?
How many languages have Tintin comics been translated into?
What is the most famous Personality Cult?
What is the population of Ylitornio?
When was the Stanley Cup shared for the first time?
What is the average depth of the Mediterranean Sea?
What is the area of Riihimäki?
Who was the first prime minister of Italy?
How are Sephardi Jews defined?
When was the Chakri dynasty founded?
What is the current population of Novgorod Oblast in Russia?
When was the third season of Runaways commissioned?
In which city was Tero Tiittanen born?
Can a village be a unit of administrative division?
What kind of homes did the Vikings live in?
What is the main ingredient in making bricks?
How many seasons has Jermain Defoe played in the English and Scottish leagues?
Where did Garret Stafford end his professional career?
Who built the Byzantine Church?
In what year was the game Outlast 2 released?
When was interactive television invented?
When was the original Ford GT made?
What is the largest producer of sheep?
Was there a food shortage throughout Finland during the Winter War?
What is the area of Hattula?
Have Finnish children's stories been invented in Finland?
Is the Me Too campaign registered?
How many migratory bird species are there in Finland?
Who created the animated characters Beavis & Butthead?
Can a tornado include lightning?
When did the breeding of poodles start?
How is the Crayfish plague defined?
How is murder defined in the Finnish criminal law?
In what year was Créteil founded?
Did late antiquity affect Finland?
What led to the Battle of Länkipohja?
Who plays the protagonist in the film Saving Private Ryan?
What was the first film published by Walt Disney Pictures?
How many W class destroyers has the British Royal Navy Admiralty had?
What is the rainiest continent?
In what year was Jordin Sparks born?
When was HMS Exmoor built?
Where does Japan get its name from?
Who was the king of the Kindom of Bohemia?
What is Finland's largest rodent?
Why are furocoumarins found naturally in hogweeds?
Are frogs herbivorous?
How is satirical defined?
What country was Nikola Tesla originally from?
Is Zakat one of the Five Pillars of Islam?
Has Finland ever used softwares in warfare?
In what year was Juan Martín del Potro born?
What company currently manufactures SU carburettors and their parts?
How many operating nuclear power plants were there in France in 2018?
What was the GDP of Canada in 2018?
How many hours does one season of the TV series 24 last?
What does finnjolla mean?
Where did Plato die?
What is Arquerite?
Which party does Ville Rydman represent?
In what year was Kiefer Sutherland born?
How is microscopic system defined?
What is the distance between the southernmost and northernmost tip of Chile?
How many popes where there before the current pope?
What languages are spoken in the Gibraltar?
When did the awareness of the mind begin?
What was the successor of the National Progressive Party?
How does cerebrovascular disease begin?
What was the GDP of Denmark in 2018?
What was the currency of Ireland before joining the Euro?
When did Whitney Houston start her singing career?
Which country has the largest cattle ranch?
Who founded the Crimean Khanate?
When did Daniil Kvyat become a father?
In which band did King Diamond start his musical career?
What is the closes neighboring country of Grenada?
Who won the first MLB Championship?
Which philosopher launched the concept of ‘Übermensch’?
How small parts is microwork divided into?
What is the largest city of Ethiopia?
Who invented mutation breeding?
When was polio first detected?
How many cubs does the red panda usually give birth to?
How many Sega Dreamcast consoles have been sold in Finland?
Did the Nez Perce people win the war?
Is Confucius a martial art?
When did the building of the USS Maddox begin?
Is Scrum an automatic framework that functions on its own?
How big is the Comics Finlandia Award?
What is the circumference of Mars?
What does levelground cremation cemetery mean?
Is Lausanne located in the French-speaking part of Switzerland?
What happens in Tulliniemi in Hanko?
What is the theory of transhumanism?
How is Spiral Galaxy defined?
In what year was Dean Martin born?
In what year did filming movies begin?
What are the duties of the Council of the Realm?
When was the Boer War fought?
Who created the Mortal Kombat game?
What sickness can impair a person's ability to function?
Who founded Osuusliike Elanto in 1905?
How did Leonhard Paul Euler end up in Russia?
What does derivation mean?
Are there islands in the city of Oulu?
Are all post-World War II agreements still in force today?
Who pays the debts of the insolvent?
What is the mission if the British Film Institute?
What is the difference between a nova and a supernova?
What is called a naturally occurring fission?
Has London always been the capital of England?
What was the first game of Hideo Kojima?
Where does the Arctic Circle begin?
Does San Marino belond to Italy?
Who were the Ostrogoths?
In what year was biodiesel developed?
How many museums are there in Helsinki?
What does Cthulhu mean?
What was assembler in programming?
How long did Genghis Khan rule?
When did Lucy Montgomery write the book Anne of Green Gables?
What was the outcome of the Brusilov Offensive?
Who invented printing?
What region and province is formed by the northern part of the Indus river valley?
What does synthetic mean?
Where does the ocelot live?
Has Joseph MacDonald always played as a goalie?
Was painting learned already in the Stone Age?
Which country consumes the most tobacco products?
Are Northern Ireland and Southern Ireland in dispute?
Do animals see smells?
What does the Weichselian glaciation get its name from?
How are Slavs defined?
What was the Dutch ranking in the 1994 FIFA World Cup?
In what year did the use of translators start in Finland?
Who plays the main role in the TV show Runaways?
What is the English Opening or the opening move of an English game?
When was the first computer made?
Who is the founder of the current number theory?
Who is the main character of the film My Neighbor Totoro?
Does Arvo Aalto live in Portugal in the winter?
Does the original Red Declaration still exist?
How long does it take to grow grain?
How long are the great tits?
Are the apparitions of Jesus described in every gospel of the Bible?
What is the average population density in Japan today?
Who won the season 2017-2018 Stanley Cup?
Has Hiromu Arakawa written any other manga series?
Who is considered to be the father of American Alt-right ideology?
What is Gyula Horn known for?
What was the mission of the January committee?
In what decade did the early history of the United States begin?
Who was Shoshenk I?
Where do minerals affect in the body?
Was the population of Hong Kong greater than the population of Finland in 2018?
How is control character defined?
What was the name of the last tsar of Russia?
Which country consumes the most alcohol?
How are the alkaline earth metals defined?
How does a diesel–electric locomotive function?
How is a saga created?
When was overlapping invented?
What was the name of Jussi Hagberg's spouse?
Do any mushrooms grow in Africa?
When was the Finnish Air Force established?
Who directed the film The Prince of Egypt?
Who were the Koryaks?
Who owns the nightclub Don't Tell Mama in Helsinki?
What was the first film role of Sylvester Stallone?
What is the name of Wilhelm Bensow's wife?
What portion of Finland's troops were wounded in the Vyborg–Petrozavodsk Offensive?
What is the second largest city of Italy?
What does shuttle diplomacy mean?
What caused the death of Alfredo Reinado?
Which nationalities participated in long distance trading in the ancient Middle East?
In which country was forging invented?
Where was the professional wrestling invented?
When was Borat released?
How many rapids are there in Finland?
What kind of metal products does Outokumpu Oyj manufacture?
In which decade did William of Orange live in Netherlands?
In which year was the Santa Claus Village founded?
What is the idea of certification?
What is the largest federal district of Russia?
Who was the prime minister of Ireland in the beginning of 2019?
In which year was the Stanley Cup established?
How many conservation laws are there in physics?
When did the use of laser in measuring start?
What is the Portobello Road in London known for?
Why is Master Splinter a rat?
Is there cartilage in the penis?
Who founded the Länsi-Suomen Rukoilevaisten Yhdistys?
Which animal species has most bones?
What does encomienda mean?
Who is the most well known female figure in ancient Greece?
What is the area of Paraguay?
When was Scott Cawthon born?
What is the recommended age limit for the game Demon's Souls?
Are beavers an endangered species?
With whom did Henry VII spend a lot of time in his childhood?
Where did the idea of suburbs come from?
How many different versions of the PIK-5 sailplane were made?
How many years was Dmitry Medvedev the president of Russia?
How many floors are there in the Moomin House?
What is the surface area of Kemi?
How did the first people arrive in Holland?
How many queens have ruled England?
When was communism born?
In what year was David Reimer born?
How many years does it take to study to become a judge of the Supreme Court?
What does Earl of Chatham mean?
How many diseases are of the genus Plasmodium?
In what year was James Knox Polk born?
What is the definition of a church council?
When was the last universal common ancestor found?
What was Francis Coppola’s first film?
What was the population of Germany in 1950?
What is the position of Finnpilot Pilotage Oy?
Will the Everyone Films project exist in 2019?
When was the first steam train introduced in Finland?
In what year was the Byzantine Church built?
What is the surface area of Ruovesi?
When did Mao Zedong become China's chairman?
When was the tailcoat invented?
Where is nanotechnology used?
How old is Homer Simpson's father?
When was the malaria vaccine invented?
How many years has Teotihuacan been inhabited?
What is in an officer's job description?
How big are the health inequalities in Finland?
Does India have a space program?
Did the Kokkola Red Guards take part in the hostilities during the capture of Kokkola?
What was Elizabeth I's surname?
Who was the first recognised Finn?
What is Afghanistan's GDP?
When was the closing episode of the series Friends shown in Finland?
Which band has a song called 'Oikeus on voittanut taas'?
When was Hiro Mashima born?
Why did SVUL's activities end in 1994?
How much did Real Madrid pay to get Cristiano Ronaldo?
In what year was Lubyanka built?
How did Aleksandr Isayevich Solzhenitsyn die?
What kind of cartoon character is April O'Neil?
What does averroism mean?
What is the surface area of Tornio?
How long was a Tachi sword?
On average, how many children disappear in Finland every year?
In what year were the Pequots found?
Who were the Carolingians?
Does the law mention the principles of ethical conduct?
What was the population of Thailand in 2018?
Why does an animal need tusks?
What is the national food of Armenia?
What is the origin of the name Sims?
What does the Milgram test measure?
When did Otto Colliander die?
How many vessels can a dry dock hold?
What is the opposite of a fusion reaction?
In whose memory is the memorial to the victims of the 1918 Civil War dedicated?
How many rally races did Markku Alen win during his career?
Is most of mainland France lowland?
Were  text messages originally messages up to 160 characters long?
What is the surface area of Nauvo?
Why did Finland fight in Vienna during the Civil War?
Where did the Wappinger Indians get their name?
When was Repsol Honda founded?
What does macroscopic mean?
What was the population of Malaysia in 2018?
Should a hedgehog be called a living fossil?
Was opera music originally meant for men only?
What kind of topics are present in Johannes Brahms' composition?
How big was Daniel Cajanus?
Do all mammals have endocrine glands?
How many seats are there in the upper house of the Cambodian bicameral parliament?
What was Sega's first game?
Does Greenpeace Nordic have a common goal?
Which country has had the most popes?
Do insects live in communities?
What is the surface area of Verona?
How much is the surface area of Taiwan?
Who stars in The Expendables 2?
Who was the first ruler of France?
What was the population of Lebanon in 2018?
In which district is the Tampere bus station located?
Have South and North Korea ever united as one country?
How is the magnetic field determined?
What is the recommended age limit for the Inhumans series?
Has the bust of Alexander I ever been placed in Turku?
When was the 2nd Jäger Battalion established?
Can Venus be seen without equipment?
How many people died during the Battle of Borodino?
Has Black Moon won awards?
How can the economic behavior of cities be studied?
Why are American series and films released later in Finland?
In what year was Benin founded?
How many subgenres does metal music have?
Is one of the newest events in Suomi-areena a children's discussion?
In what country was Yoon-Jin Kim born?
How many countries are considered Arabic?
How many movies has Slash produced?
What is the oldest inhabited city in the world?
Is Saku Salin wild and temperamental?
How do reformers seek to solve grievances?
When was the Prussian-Danish war?
How big is the Fukushima I power plant?
After whom is Prinz Eugen named?
What happened after the Battle of Taginae?
When did Seleucus I Nicator die?
How long did Zhelyu Zhelev rule Bulgaria?
On average, how many different nationalities live in Finland?
When was the Jämsä Police Department established?
When was AIBO developed?
What was TIGR?
Where was Finland's first apartment building built?
How are South Slavs defined?
When was the Finnish language developed?
Does Outokumpu Oyj manufacture its products in Finland?
When was the character Supergirl created?
Which city is located closest to the village of Kuhmoinen by road?
Who developed the speakers?
How long was the Silk Road?
What was the population of Sicily in 2017?
When was the Battle of Odessa?
What is the surface area of Lohja?
What was the name of the 1994 album by the American musician Beck?
Where in North America did the Apache Indian tribe live?
How much did the Austin 7 car weigh?
How did the Brown Dog affair get its name?
What does Völkisch mean?
Who built HMS Exmoor?
What is the use of protein in chemistry?
In what direction is Hebrew written?
How old is Albus Dumbledore in the Harry Potter book series?
Who were the Khmer Rouge?
In what year was the Replica book series published?
In how many administrative sections is Australia divided to?
How is a psychotropic substance defined?
How many seasons are there in the Dexter series?
What is the significance of environmental health for humans?
What was the population of Canada in 2018?
When did Maria Kirch become an astronomer?
Does Russia have any islands?
Who was the parish assistant?
Where do Oman Arabs come from?
How many rainforest types are there?
What is the opposite of reality?
Why did the city of Samos become the village of Pythagóreion?
How many wastewater treatment plants are there in Finland?
How many people lived in the territory of the First Kingdom in the Middle Ages?
How many wings are there in the Finnish Air Force today?
How does Long Beach compare in the ranking of most-populated cities of the United States?
Who developed the parachute?
What is the smallest measured surface area in the world?
How many word classes are there in Finnish?
In what city is the Blackbeard said to have been born?
Who were the Jacobites?
What are the duties of a baron?
Is Prussia its own country in 2019?
Did Caravaggio become known only after his death?
Who forged the records of the wise men of Zion?
When was the condom invented?
In which band did the guitarist Andy Bell start his career?
How much does a filter cost in Finland?
From which country does the Abyssinian cat breed come?
How old was Judas Thomas in the New Testament accounts?
How many counties are there in the UK?
Where was the positive ignition engine first used?
Who were the troopers in Finland?
In which language is the first Nibelung Ring opera performed?
What was the population of Brooklyn in 2018?
When was the Battle of El Alamein?
Where does the name euro come from?
When did Jari Kaivo-oja start working at the University of Turku?
What does the human body need carbon dioxide for?
What does the term "parent church" mean?
How many battle tanks does the Finnish army have?
Why did British soldiers shoot Roman Catholic protesters?
Who is the first identified person in history?
Can idealism be studied scientifically?
What is the religion of the general public in Portugal?
Is Martin Luther a different person than Martin Luther King?
Where does the name Pope Pius XI come from?
Are sterols useful in plants?
How many movies has Renny Harlin directed?
Is there bronze in the human body?
Can a group be interdependent?
What does the drag coefficient mean?
When was the First Boer War?
When was the heat pipe invented?
How is the age of the universe defined?
How many Baltic Finnish people are there?
When did Sumo wrestling start?
Who created the manga One Piece?
When was Einar Vihma promoted to Major General?
What was the population of Portugal in 2018?
What is the population of Kuwait City according to the latest census?
Who filmed the second season of Lost?
What has been the most common Latinization system until recent years?
In which city was Rick Riordan born?
How long did the White Night riots last?
How did P. G. T. Beauregard die?
On average, how many hockey games does a hockey player play during his career?
How is tribal ideology defined?
How long is the longest opera performance?
How much does a bullet weigh?
Who found Pispa's residence?
Does a function occur in a person?
When was Musō Jikiden Eishin-ryū born?
What is made of coal?
When was Japan for the first time in the final tournament of the World Cup in football?
How many speakers of Polish are estimated to be in the world?
Who founded the first cooperative fund in Finland?
How many members does Boyzone have?
What was the name of the Southern Powers in the U.S. Civil War?
Where was the Free City of Danzig located?
Is Iceland larger than Ireland?
Who was the first Norwegian ruler of the Bernadotte family?
Where was Finland's first church built?
Who planned Operation Birken?
Why are there four seasons?
To which areas did Greater Greece extend?
What is the surface area of Sanaa?
In what year did the dynasties end in China?
Who decided to start counting time?
When was Raman scattering first detected?
What was the price of the Austin 7?
When did Carolina Hurricanes play its first season in the NHL?
How many rooms are there in the National Museum of Finland?
How is a major scale defined?
In which country was hemp invented?
How many eardrums does a human have?
In what year was Sum 41 founded?
How many Neste service stations are there in Finland?
What is the largest municipality in Finland in terms of surface area?
In which part of Helsinki does the film's Suominen family live?
Is Spotify a limited company?
In what year did Charles de Gaulle come to power?
What is the distance between Kemijärvi and Sodankylä?
Who is the Mayor of Los Angeles?
When was Tom Reagan born?
How long is Lake Oulujärvi?
What is the difference between tactics and strategy in chess?
Where did HMHS Britannic make its maiden voyage?
What country is Lar deSouza from?
Which cities belong to the Upper Normandy region?
What is the largest city in North America?
What is the most common bird in South America?
What is the most famous composition of Johannes Brahms?
In what year was the sleigh invented?
How was an emperor of Rome elected?
How is the Paleolithic period defined?
What was the outcome of the Finnish Civil War
What is Stig Dagerman’s most famous piece?
In what decades was the Iron Age in Finland?
What was the population of Bosnia and Herzegovina in 2018?
When was silk manufacturing invented?
How old are the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles?
Which country is the biggest producer of butter?
What was Sylvester Stallone’s first film?
Where does Vertigo get its name?
How many witches appear in the series?
Who developed spyware?
How old is the archaic tradition of the Canadian shield?
How many bee species have been found in Finland?
Is the population of Turku larger than the population of Tampere?
Where in France is Anglet located?
What is the national animal of Brazil?
How many queens has Sweden had?
Where does the name DDR come from?
Where was printing first invented?
What is indeterminism in physics?
What is the largest great region?
What was Czechoslovakia's best ranking in the football championships?
Who led the red forces in the Battle of Savitaipale?
In which city was IVL K.1 Kurki built?
In what year was Guild Wars 2 released?
Where will Viktor Yanukovych live in 2019?
Who was the first to receive the Nobel Prize in Chemistry?
What was the population of Djibouti in 2018?
What does South Park get its name from?
Who came up with anime?
What is the tallest waterfall in Norway?
What is phenanthroline?
How far is Kouvola from Helsinki?
What region did French Indochina cover?
Can a crocodile eat a human?
Why did Viipurin Reipas change its name?
Who was the protagonist of the movie Warcraft: The Beginning?
How is an archangel defined?
Where did Rom Harré study?
In what year was Kalle Sahlstedt born?
What are the basic interactions of particle physics?
How many countries have not recognized the independence of Kosovo by 2018?
Who ruled Russia in 1735-1739?
When was Lindy hop developed?
How far is Polynesia from Paris?
What is Finland's oldest football club?
Which team has won the Finnish rally the most times?
How did Jean-Paul Sartre die?
What is the coldest country in the world?
Who was Finland's first general?
Why has the name of the community Children of God changed so many times?
Is there a normal color for the Finnhorse?
Which North English band has a song from 1980s named Lost and Found?
How does Britain's navy compare to other navies in the world right now?
Why do Arab countries need the Arab League?
What is the best known book written by Patrick Henry Pearse?
When is Spanish Independence Day?
In what decade did European explorers travel to the United States?
What is the smallest greater area?
What is the role of a student nation?
Where was the transistor first used?
Who is the forefather of design?
How is neuropsychology defined?
What is the surface area of Germany?
What is the largest lake in Russia?
Does oil need to be cleaned before it can be used?
Are there tunnels on the Hanko–Hyvinkää Railroad?
In what year was Matti Helenius-Seppälä born?
What is the most famous film written by Steven Seagal?
What kind of liquor is produced in the Rajamäki factories?
How many people were injured in the December 1986 train crash in Lapua?
Is Lummene part of Päijänne?
What was Notareal's share of the casino economy in Finland at the turn of the 1980s and 1990s?
In which country are Finnair's aircrafts built?
What is needed for fire to burn?
Does a symbol refer to a letter?
Who decides what is written in the newspaper?
How did Michelangelo Antonioni die?
How many layers are there on the surface of the Earth?
Why was there so many natives in the countries of North America?
Who designed the Vanaja church?
What is the surface area of Pirkanmaa?
In what year were radio waves discovered?
In which country does Boeing manufacture planes?
Who created the Lego Ninjago animation series?
When was JBS discovered?
How old is the oldest known chimney?
Is pizza more nutritious than pasta?
How many subcategories does geography have?
Is Pawnee, Indiana a real city?
What does it mean to have an employment relationship in the public sector?
How does the magnetic north pole move?
How many smartphones has OnePlus released?
How many PIK-5 sailplanes were built?
Where did the Postcolonial Perspective formate?
When was Avara closed down?
In what language was the novel The 13½ Lives of Captain Bluebear originally published?
How many military counties are there in Finland?
How is Cartesianism defined?
How many biological classes are there?
How is erosion defined?
Are rock carvings protected sites?
How many islands are there in Lake Nerosjärvi?
What led to the mass murder of the Peoples Temple?
When were the Mineas Geraes ordered?
What was the population of Canada (in millions) in 2018?
Can glaciers melt completely?
When was Runescape 3 released?
Who is the Chairman of Rovio Entertainment Oyj?
How many people attended the Women’s March in Versailles?
When was Thai Rak Thai founded?
Where was Dio born?
Why did Ludwig Mies van der Rohe change his original name?
Was Paul de Barras a patron of General Napoleon Bonaparte?
What was Kenneth Anger’s first film?
When did the first season of the series launch in Finland?
How many cases are there in Swedish?
Can plastic be molded into anything?
Which animal has the biggest ejaculation?
Is thorium toxic?
How do people get minerals in their diet?
What is the synonym of Schizophrenia?
Where is the headquarters of Blizzard Entertainment?
How many scales for measurement exist?
Where did Lasse Juhani Kukkonen grow up?
When was Aiskhylos born?
What is the surface area of Ukraine?
Who designed the memorial for the victims of the 1918 Civil War?
Can meningomyelocele be inherited?
How is an anti-air missile defined?
Who was Time magazine's person of the year in 1995?
In what year was the Presidential Palace in Helsinki built?
What was or is a society based on the three estates?
How is consciousness defined?
Who has been given the longest prison sentence for financial crimes in Finland?
When was the concept of a picture book invented?
What was Brian De Palma’s first directed film?
Who were the Visigoths?
When did stuttering start to occur?
Who wrote the book The Belle Curve?
What is a synchrotron?
What is the Sargasso Sea known for?
Who led the forces of the Axis Powers in the Battle of El Alamein?
When did Finland introduce grenade launchers?
When did the Soviet Union recognize Estonia's independence?
In what year was the Soyuz built?
What are oil tankers?
How is statistics used in traffic?
When did the Finnish police start using fingerprints?
Who was the 18th President of the United States?
Is the Greek language today similar to the Greek spoken in ancient Greece?
When did Louis Saint-Just’s political career begin?
Why did Pori Tulitikkutehdas Oy cease operations in 1987?
Who came up with the terms "night" and "day"?
Did Aleksis Kivi have schizophrenia?
When were optional subjects introduced in Finnish schools?
Where did the Pendolino train get its name?
Where does the word arch enemy come from?
In what year was the Weakest Link program launched in Finland for the first time?
Is a cell a structural and functional electrically charged basic unit?
What was Pietro Deiro's first composition?
Who has found the hypothalamus?
At what age did Andre Agassi begin his professional career?
What is the surface area of Heinola?
What is the surface area of Salla?
Who invented infertility treatment?
When did the character Robin first appear alone in a story?
What was the first film based on a book written by J. R. R. Tolkien?
Who invented plowing?
Does the Finnish state own the Central Bank of Finland?
IS one Piece located in the world of the Island of Strange Animals?
How many Finnish cities have a comrehensive school?
Why did the Lapua movement arrange the kidnapping of K. J. Ståhlberg?
When was an atom first halved?
Are David and Richard Attenborough brothers?
What mineral is most common in Petsamo?
Were three different versions of the 130/50 N cannon manufactured?
What is the second largest city in Bavaria?
Where did the use of heat pipes first become common?
What is the Postcolonial Perspective in Finland?
Are there any subspecies of the Common kingfisher in Finland?
Which Finnish cities already existed in the 12th century?
Who developed quantum encryption?
What is the largest measured surface area in the world?
What was Jalmari Saari's nickname?
Is the cathode ray dangerous?
How is the adoption defined in Finland?
What is the second largest city in France in terms of population?
How many countries belong to NATO?
Is Nigeria a welfare state?
By what other name is the Baroque era known?
Has Henrik Gabriel Porthan written any books?
What is the origin of the male name Kiril?
How is hepatitis defined?
When was Herbet Kalmus born?
How many phonemes are there in Finnish?
When was FAT32 developed?
Who did Katariina Vaasa get married to?
Who wrote the Finnish Constitution?
What was the population of Ireland in 2018?
What is the age limit of The Walking Dead videogame?
Which international organizations' headquarters are located in Geneva?
Is the writing system based on the Latin alphabet?
When did Emperor Leo IV reign?
How is  urban runoff defined?
What is the oldest operating school building in Finland in 2019?
Who illustrated The Lion King?
What was the length of HMS Hambledon?
What is the postal code of Eira?
When was Finland's first squadron established?
Is the Malay Peninsula populated?
Can women have AIS?
Who were the so-called Moors?
When was superconductivity first detected?
In what year was Nicollette Sheridan born?
How many balls are used in pool?
How long did the Estonian War of Independence last?
Was Sweden the first in European history to adopt banknotes?
What is the most poisonous insect in the world?
How many areas of law are there?
What is the basis for the claim of Islam as a so-called religion of peace?
Is Finnish spoken at all in Karelia?
Which part of the brain does sleep deprivation affect?
What was the outcome of the Battle of Portobello?
In what year was the surface area equation invented?
What are cultural services?
What is Mikael Johansson's nickname?
Was the film Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 made on a computer?
In which city was the painter Diego Velázquez born?
What does dominio refer to?
How old are rock paintings?
Who invented the signal?
When was the first Deadpool film completed?
Was Johannes Brahms married?
Why was Ludwig II of Bavaria considered a peculiar king?
How is modernism reflected in Finland?
When were the first free elections in the Finnish state held?
In what year was the narrow-gauge railway invented?
Who was the first Finn to get a pole position in the F1?
Are there royals in Ireland?
What is the surface area of Hausjärvi?
How many viewers did the third season of the TV series Bones have per episode?
What is the surface area of Pennsylvania?
What was Vuk Karadžić's first work?
How many World Cup gold medals has Charlotte Kalla won?
What is the most cultivated plant in the world?
What does the term "classical sciences" refer to?
How is a saga defined?
Who plays the protagonist in the Stargate series?
What is the age limit recommendation for the game Ratchet & Clank 2: Going Commando on Ratchet & Clank?
What is the minimum prison sentence for murder in Finland?
Who was Syfax?
When were cemeteries invented?
How many founding members were in the Finnish Association of Translators and Interpreters (SKTL)
Who was the first president of Croatia?
Where was Daihatsu founded?
Who invented the measurement?
When was Scrubs launched in Finland?
What was James Macpherson's last work?
Where is Fallout 4 located?
In what year was Petri Pakaslahti born?
Is it possible to study Hebrew at the University of Helsinki?
Are Apple products sold in every country?
In which country was Europe's first nuclear power plant built?
When was the analytical trend in philosophy developed?
How does an atom connect to another atom?
What is the so-called secondary school?
What is the largest province in Italy?
Can time zones move?
How is statistics used in poker?
When was the Action Force universe developed?
Why has Finland been criticized for respecting children's rights?
Why did the state of Cambodia collapse in 1979?
When was the Chain Home demolished?
What is the capital of Democratic Cambodia?
Is there ionizing radiation inside the objects?
What is the most produced meat in Finland?
How many subcategories does sculpture have?
In what year was PAF founded?
When did the manufacturing of Hakkapeliitta tyres begin?
How large is the total surface area of India?
Who created Criminal Minds?
In which country did Mary Celeste begin her journey?
Was August Heinrich Hoffmann von Fallersleben a composer?
How is a tax number determined?
Who starred as Sam Witwicky in the Transformers series?
Are there guttural sounds in Arabic?
How many pages does the book Dianetics: The Modern Science of Mental Health have?
How is chromosomal crossover determined?
In what year was the Naruto anime series released?
Who developed the ability to make a call?
What is Phantasmagoria?
How did Congo's GDP compare to other African countries in 2018?
Did Finland help Germany in World War II?
How big is the squadron of the Finnish Air Force today?
Were the Chinese the first people in Hong Kong?
What differentiates a reptile from a mammal?
In what year were the Rajamäki factories established?
What is the national food of India?
Who determined the beginning of chronology?
How many gold medals did Sonja Henie win?
Who created the Power Rangers series?
How long did the war of independence of Ukraine last?
How many days did the Saskatchewan uprising last?
What was the population of Egypt in 2018?
Who is considered the founder of analytical psychology?
What is the so-called Penrose triangle?
Can Atlantis exist?
Is plutonium toxic?
What is the Tudor family known for?
In what year was William Beckford born?
What is the GDP of Bulgaria?‎
In what year was Lance Macklin born?‎
When was Stoicism practised?‎
When was the manga One Piece first published?‎
What is the area of Brazil?‎
Which cities belong to Southern Ostrobothnia?‎
When did Erkki Hannula die?‎
When did Teemu Lahtinen experience his political awakening?‎
How many visitors were there at the Down By The Laituri festival in 2018?‎
What are the so-called precious metals?‎
How long did the Haymarket affair last?‎
When were age recommendations for motion pictures first created?‎
Who was the first philosopher to state that all given knowledge given needs to be doubted?‎
At which Finnish universities can astronomy be studied?‎
In which country has the philosophy of religion been developed?‎
How many children did Kalle Kaihari have?‎
What is the largest planet in the solar system?‎
What is the most popular online game in the world by the number of players?‎
When did Elizabeth I reign in England?‎
Was the Royal Academy of Turku open to everyone?‎
What is the estimated proportion of type 2 diabetes out of all diabetes cases in the world?‎
What happened after the death of Pavel Filonov's mother?‎
When was the Kuralan Kylämäki Museum founded?‎
How much does an adult red panda weigh?‎
When was the HMS Renown commissioned?‎
How is nitration defined?‎
In what year did Johannes Virolainen die?‎
On which channel was the TV series Lost first shown?‎
Where does the name Satakunta come from?‎
When were the Arabs united?‎
What was the first game of HAL Laboratory?‎
Were Elanto and HOK competitors?‎
What was Hummer’s first SUV model?‎
When did the development of Ubuntu begin?
How can beer be made non-alcoholic?‎
What was the length of the SS Valencia?‎
Which aircraft did Fokker manufacture in greatest numbers during World War II?‎
In what year was television brought to Finland?‎
In what year was email spam developed?‎
When was the steam engine invented?‎
Do Latvians understand Lithuanian?‎
How many containers go through Finnish ports each year?‎
How many versions of the game Final Fantasy have been made?‎
How many types of radiation are included in electromagnetic radiation?‎
How many WTA tournament singles wins did Ana Ivanović have?‎
How is ‘council of state’ defined?‎
What is Mr. Bungle’s most famous song?‎
What is the most common whale species in the world?‎
What did anarchism originate from?‎
What is the estimated number of Maori in New Zealand today?‎
What is the definition of a coral atoll?‎
How many novels has Stephen King written?‎
Are there people living in the Ural Mountains?‎
Mim
What is the profession of Michael Dawson of the TV series Lost?‎
Who won the 2018 Rugby Championship?‎
When was the first silent film in Finland made?‎
What was the population of Denmark in 2018?‎
Was Fort McMurray an independent city before 1995?‎
When did John McCain begin his political career?‎
Did the Finnish nobility live in southern Finland?‎
In what years was Aristotle alive?‎
When was Pixar founded?‎
Who is Galactus?‎
Which country has the longest coastline by the Arctic Ocean?‎
When did the first polar expedition arrive at the South Pole?‎
Does Desmond David Hume die in the show Lost?‎
In which country was dance invented?‎
Where did William R. Catton, Jr. die?‎
How many Battle-class destroyers did Australia have?‎
What is the area of Somerset House?‎
How long was the ship Akagi?‎
In what decade was the sword invented?‎
What is the concept of infinite in mathematics?‎
How many Tupolev ANT-40 aircraft were there produced?‎
Why does the Star Wars film series not progress in correct chronological order?‎
In what year did the Operation Compass begin?‎
What is Rose Joan Blondell’s most famous Broadway play?‎
When was the first U-boat launched?‎
What was the first trash metal band?‎
Was Richard Nixon a well-liked President among the Americans?‎
Does Greece belong to the Dodecanese archipelago?‎
What did Jean-Paul Marat die of?‎
Is the Brahmaputra valley populated?‎
What was the POUM?‎
Where can you find the biggest maze in the world?‎
What to do during a flood?‎
What is the area of Central Finland?‎
When was the Helsinki Metro built?‎
In what year was the film Casablanca shot?‎
What is the largest currently existing feline species?‎
Where was Hiro Mashima born?‎
When was the RAW founded?‎
Who led the Union in the US Civil War?‎
How many people were killed during the Suez Crisis?‎
What is the basis for the claim about different races of humankind?‎
Is masturbation harmful for medical reasons?‎
In which Finnish ice hockey team has Mikael Johansson played?‎
Which countries were counted among the Allies during WWI?‎
What is the capital of New Mexico?‎
What happens at an outpatient clinic?‎
How many Areena games have there been released?‎
Why have dynasties been founded in Asian countries?‎
Who founded the Padua Botanical Garden?‎
What is the population density of Salla?‎
At what age did Gianluigi ‘Gigi’ Buffon play his last match of the 2018–19 season at PSG?‎
What is the national food of Ethiopia?‎
When did Alexander Armfelt begin his military career?‎
How many supporters does the United Russia party have on average?‎
How many people were detained in the Haymarket affair?‎
When does Ireland celebrate its independence day?‎
What was the cause of the English Peasants’ Revolt?‎
When was the word ‘meteorology’ introduced?‎
To which language group does Arabic belong?‎
What did Nastasya Mikulishna first appear in?‎
In what year were the events of the pentathlon selected?‎
In what year was bankruptcy developed?‎
When was the Sabino 1 gene found?‎
When was the World Taekwondo Championship first organised?‎
What size is a Poké Ball?‎
Does TNT cause cancer?‎
Can a young person develop an arrhythmia?‎
In what year was Olynthus founded?‎
What has the Tatar language come from?‎
When was Geneva International Airport built?‎
What is the concept of ‘not out’ in cricket?‎
In what year was the first radio-controlled car built?‎
What was Shigeru Miyamoto's first game?‎
How is the Sioux language group defined?‎
Do the armies of the NATO member states fight for NATO?‎
How many islands are there in Alajärvi?‎
What was the GDP of Romania in 2018?‎
Where did Lias Andersson start his professional career?‎
When was Paul Norris born?‎
In what year was Brock Lesnar born?‎
Whose son was King John Lackland?‎
In what year was the Treaty of Rapallo signed?‎
Where was the Otto engine invented?‎
The border of which two states runs along the Tatra Mountains?‎
When did Pontus collapse?‎
How is a single round pistol defined?‎
Is Finnish a natural language?‎
Who won the Russo-Turkish war in 1739?‎
In which towns did the Finnish Gymnastics and Sports Federation have activities?‎
What was the population of Austria in 2018?‎
Where was TIG welding developed?‎
What was the currency of Austria before the changeover to the euro?‎
How many bones does a bear have?‎
What are the two most common musical keys?‎
Who was the Prime Minister of Finland in 1995?‎
How many bones does a human being have at birth?‎
Is most of the Netherlands below sea level?‎
Which province does is the neighbour of South Karelia across the Luumäki border?‎
How tall is Jani Keinänen?‎
What is an army farce?‎
Who directed the film The Secret of NIMH?‎
Was Botswana a colony?‎
What was the population of Israel in 2018?‎
How many executions had Jalmari Saari been involved in?‎
What did the halving of the atom lead to?‎
Are there blood vessels in every human organ?‎
Who fought in the Battle of Karkku?‎
What was the former Brazilian President Lula sentenced to prison for?‎
In what year was the first cannon built?‎
What was the first game developed by Nippon Ichi Software?‎
What is the area of Kotka?‎
What is the share of Eastern Orthodox among the Finnish population?‎
Who publishes the comic Commando?‎
In what year did the use of manual punch cards begin?‎
How many people led the English Peasants’ Revolt?‎
Where was Don Bluth born?‎
What caused the Big Bang?‎
What kind of ship did James Cook sail on?‎
When was Myra Hingley hanged?‎
What was the GDP of Sri Lanka in 2018?‎
What is crisis therapy?‎
How to tell whether something is real?‎
When was the book Empty Cages published in Finland?‎
What did the Skoptsy movement emerge from?‎
What is the official population of the Vatican in 2018?‎
Who made the first katana sword?‎
What is the world's largest complex of inland bodies of water?‎
In what year was Stig Dagerman born?‎
Who was the first French President?‎
What was the first character created by Stan Lee?‎
What is the area of Saka?‎
What influence did Kālidāsa have?
When were the first films shown to a paying audience?‎
When was the world's first sound film made?‎
On average, what age were the women belonging to the female guards in the Finnish Civil War?‎
What was the first book by Tom Clancy?‎
What was the first political party in Finland?‎
Who was the first ruler of Thailand?‎
Can any soldier become a Jäger?‎
Has a dynasty ever ruled in Europe?‎
In which country was the didactic method developed?‎
What is the population density of Humppila?‎
What is the area of Versailles?‎
Are there many royal people in Dubai?‎
What does Tatra manufacture today?‎
Is Bourtzi Island inhabited?‎
Are incandescent light bulbs produced in Finland?‎
How big is the area of Austria?‎
In what country has Jane Goodall studied chimpanzees?‎
When did Jämsänkoski High School close its doors?‎
Where was the gas turbine invented?‎
How many churches did Josef Stenbäck design in Finland?‎
What does kinase mean?‎
What party did Richard Nixon represent?‎
Where was the defibrillator invented?‎
What was the number of Japanese losses in the Battle of the Yalu River?‎
What did Brahmagupta die of?‎
Is Central Park of Espoo larger than Central Park of Helsinki?‎
When did the teaching of the New Mathematics come to an end in Finland?‎
What is the lesson of the film Amélie?‎
What was Häme Castle used for when it was built?‎
How is ‘jihadism’ defined?‎
In what year was the first Torah published?‎
In what year did Pakistan become independent?‎
What did Erkki Kaila die of?‎
How many species of marsupials are there?‎
What kind of internal clashes took place in Ukraine during its War of Independence?‎
Which country is the largest consumer of mutton?‎
When did Gunnar von Hertzen become a doctor?‎
Who created Mary Jane Watson?‎
How many SU-100Y self-propelled guns have been built?‎
In what year was forging developed?‎
According to the Bible, will Jesus reappear at the end of the world?‎
Do toxins exist naturally in human intestines?‎
Was Plato a man?‎
Who developed the germ theory of disease?‎
What was the first comic book of DC Comics?‎
What is the definition of an emirate?‎
When did Hayreddin Barbarossa flourish?‎
Who created Deadpool?‎
In what year was Utrecht University founded?‎
How many football teams from Turku played in the Veikkausliiga in 2018?‎
Where did Piitu Uski begin her acting career?‎
How is the Empire style defined?‎
How high a dose of X-rays does a person get during an imaging?‎
Where did Peter Sellers grow up?‎
Which Finnish artist was known as Paavo of Saarijärvi?‎
What did Leo XIII die of?‎
In what year was Marcus Aurelius Probus born?‎
When will Valentina Shevchenko win her first championship?‎
What did Elizabeth David die of?‎
Can an overdose of cholesterol be dangerous?‎
How many poems did Anna Akhmatova publish?‎
Who wrote the Law of the Twelve Tables?‎
Who owns AS Tallink Grupp?‎
What is the origin of prostitution?‎
How many zoos are there in Germany in 2019?‎
In what year was Lenovo founded?‎
What rank does Lake Ladoga hold among the largest freshwater lakes in the world?‎
When was the film Aliens vs. Predator released?‎
To how many countries does Fazer export its products?‎
When was topology first practised?‎
Who founded the Lahti garrison?‎
When were the Transformers created?‎
At what age did Jacques Villeneuve start driving Formula One?‎
How many different types of fungicides are there?‎
Who was the first veterinarian doctor in Finland?‎
What was Daihatsu's first car?‎
What is the joint hypothesis problem?‎
Which team won the Dutch football championship in the season of 2018–19?‎
What did the tarbosaurus get its name from?‎
Who won the football Champions League in season of 2018-19?‎
When was Beirut founded?‎
Who won the Battle of Kämärä?‎
What is the definition of a brackish water pool?‎
What are the effects of economic growth?‎
When was the US Constitution written?‎
What is Kalle Kurg's best-known book?‎
What style of a film is Persona 3 The Movie?‎
When did the breeding of Great Danes begin?‎
What causes diabetes?‎
What is the best-known teaching of Gnosticism?‎
Do all Roman emperors come from the same family?‎
Who was Sweden's most famous Viking?‎
How deep is Portimojärvi on average?‎
How much has the GDP of South Africa changed on average each year from 1989 to 2019?‎
When did Mercedes Benz create the Black Series of the SLS car?‎
What is the application of ‘hallintotiede’ in Europe?‎
Did Holy Roman Empire of the German Nation have a capital?‎
What do the last two letters of Washington, D.C. mean?‎
What is the area of Herttoniemi Manor?‎
How many different types of muscle tissue are there?‎
Did dinosaurs ever live in Finland?‎
At what age did Charlotte Kalla start cross-country skiing?‎
Is Novgorod in existence in 2019?‎
When did Lias Andersson start his professional career?‎
Where does the tradition of painting Easter eggs come from?‎
In which Finnish cities has the play Paracelsus Baselissa been performed?‎
In what year did Darya Domrachava start her career as a biathlete?‎
What is the ranking of the Pirate Party in the popularity of political parties in Finland?‎
Who were considered White during the Finnish Civil War?‎
Who directed the film Transformers: Age of Extinction?‎
What languages can Kalle Kurg translate from?‎
Who came up with the definition of ‘society’?‎
Did Slobodan Milošević have a wife?‎
How is Post-Impressionist art defined?‎
Which country does the island of São Tomé belong to?‎
In which country is the European Pressurised Water Reactor located?‎
When was television invented?‎
What did the Kurjenrahka National Park get its name from?‎
How high can a hot-air balloon rise?‎
Are there stories about Finland during the Scandinavian Bronze Age?‎
What is fipronil?‎
When was the first TV channel launched in Finland?‎
What was the population of Mexico in 2018?‎
Who plays the title role in the film Deadpool?‎
What is the area of New Jersey?‎
Where are the waters of Kymijärvi discharged to?
What was the first official tax rate in Finland?‎
To what part did the Great Mirabeau belong to as a politican?‎
In what year was the Finnish court of justice established?‎
How old was Jesus during the events of the Bible?‎
What kind of a Stone Age site is Vis I?‎
In what year was the show Easy Living broadcast?‎
What kind of game is Solitaire?‎
How many customs unions are there in existence?‎
Where was Elena Dementieva born?‎
Who won the UCL in 2019?‎
How many members does Oulun Merenkävijät ry have?‎
Under which country did Vietnam first gain its independence?‎
When was Hausjärvi founded?‎
Which vehicle did Lamborghini first build?‎
What is the distribution of the vulture in Europe?
Where did Slash get his stage name from?‎
In which country was the first ship built?‎
What is the best-known Ace of Base song?‎
When was the Swedish language developed?‎
Who are the Azeris?‎
Were the Vegas Golden Knights founded in 2016?‎
Where is the publishing house Mirage Studios located?‎
Who discovered Rieskaronmäki?‎
When was the definition of ‘design’ coined?‎
Who developed colour cinema?‎
In what year was yoga brought to Finland?‎
How many forms does nationalism take?‎
Does a Mau Mau tribe exist?‎
In which countries was the film Angels and Demons shot?‎
What is a pirouette?‎
Is there a women's ice hockey team in the Czech Republic?‎
When was Destiny 2 released?‎
How long did the ancient Roman army maintain its empire?‎
In what year was Zabava Putyatishna born?‎
Who was the US President in 1965?‎
What is the population of Taka-Töölö?‎
Did the share of foreign speakers in Helsinki exceed six per cent in 2004?‎
In what year was airspace established?‎
Is it true that the S-Bahn also crossed to West Berlin when Berlin was divided?‎
Where is IBM headquartered?‎
Are there people living in the Savage Islands?‎
Who developed the format of a maze?‎
How many Pokémon characters are included in the first generation?‎
Why did Julius Caesar adopt Gaius Julius Caesar Augustus?‎
Who was the first owner of Warkauden Club?‎
What is the road distance between Inari and Helsinki?‎
How many temples were there on the Capitoline Hill?‎
How is the speed of light measured?‎
What is the current application of catastrophism?‎
How fast can a lithospheric plate move?‎
What does a cell come from?‎
Is alcohol lifeless?‎
What is the name of the book Lewis managed to start writing with J.R.R. Tolkien but not complete?‎
What is the name of the only book published by Jussi Hagberg?‎
Are there Hungarians living in Finland?‎
Where do time zones begin?‎
What is the Turku gas holder used for today?‎
When were helmets made obligatory in the SM-liiga?‎
How many people used to lived in Olynthus?‎
In what year was Theodore Roosevelt born?‎
When was Richard Curtis born?‎
Is sorghum healthy?‎
Is Generation P a banned work in Russia?‎
What is the oldest city in Russia?‎
Who discovered magnetism?‎
What is currently the most common vehicle brand for coaches in Finland?‎
How are anxiety disorders defined?‎
Who photographed the film Downfall?‎
Who came up with building detached houses?‎
How many parts can Spanish cuisine be divided into?‎
What is the most significant action undertaken by the American Indian movement?‎
How many people were killed in Barcelona during the May Days?‎
How many departments does France have?‎
Is gender inequality, according to UNESCO, caused by discrimination?‎
Which people were covered by the US Declaration of Independence?‎
In what year was the novel Metamorphoses published?‎
Did Jesus have descendants?‎
Where did Charles Ponzi come from?‎
Which organisation is the successor to the KGB?‎
What was the largest company in South Korea according to the latest Forbes’ list?‎
What is the oldest known postage stamp?‎
What does ‘twin-cylinder’ mean?‎
In what year was the first gymnasium established in Finland?‎
Why was Israel founded?‎
Is jazz ballet ballet?‎
Who is Moe Szyslak's voice actor?‎
Have any of the original members of the band Hanoi Rocks died?‎
When did Charles I die?‎
Who discovered electrolytes?‎
When was the show Transformers first broadcast?‎
Sumatra is the largest island in which archipelago?‎
Who founded the Benetton team?‎
Who was the first ruler of Eastern Rome?‎
In which city was Jaco Pastorius born?‎
How tall is Albus Dumbledore?‎
What is the definition of Anglo-America?‎
In which country was the League of Nations founded?‎
Have ice age mammoth bones been found in Finland?‎
How can shares be bought?‎
Did all the rulers of the Qing Dynasty come from the same family?‎
How big is the magnetic field around the magnet?‎
How many turtle species are there?‎
Who developed hylomorphism?‎
What do White Walkies look like in the One Piece universe?‎
What have elk head staffs been used for?‎
Rohto Pharmaceutical is a company based in which country?‎
Has the world already reached peak oil?‎
What is the age recommendation for the film A Clockwork Orange?‎
When was AMC launched?‎
What is the concern of neurology as a field of science?‎
What was Juhani Tamminen's first NHL team?‎
At what age did Erich von Manstein die?‎
How far is Kajaani from Oulu?‎
In what year was the island of Karpathos discovered?‎
How deep is the deepest point in the Black Sea?‎
In which city was Adolfo González born?‎
How large has Finland's area been at its best?‎
What is the area of Orimattila?‎
Is there wood in the stems of flowers?‎
How long did the Cuban revolution last?
What is the nearest larger city to Varkaus?
Where was the interim peace concluded?
When did Jehovah's Witnesses begin to work in Finland?
What was the population of South Africa in 2018?
What year were the last Andros engines made?
How many minutes does the movie Lord of the Rings: Two Towers last?
What is the area of Nurmo?
Who were the Habsburgs?
When was Väinö Palojärvi born?
Who is the president of Venezuela?
What is the GDP of Brazil?
How many research trends are in archeology?
How many units did Nintendo Wii sell?
When did the manufacturing of model Rs6 start?
Why was the battle fought in Rautu during the Finnish Civil War?
How many people died in the Summer War of 1941?
Where did Lelumies get its name from?
What led to the battle of Ahvenkoski?
What is the maximum possible driving speed of a tractor?
What is the definition of an prefabricated house?
Who named nanometer?
Who were the founding members of Green Day?
What is the average annual temperature in Lárnaka?
Is the coat of the Petit basset griffon Vendée rough?
Who is considered the founder of the ISIS terrorist organization?
Has Hegelianism ever influenced Finland?
When were Chopin's preludes composed?
In what part of North America do Navajis live?
What is the most common intestinal disease?
What time does the film take place?
What is the main goal of Arctic cooperation?
When did C.G.E. Mannerheim ride alone across Central Asia?
When was the Geneva Convention written?
When did Benetton win its first race?
What is the largest coastal city in Georgia?
What was the Greek currency before changing to Euro?
How long is the Okavangon River?
Where do castor plants grow?
What was the purpose of sniffing in early history?
What can cause unemployment?
Is Tel Aviv a tourist destination?
How are theories formed?
Who Invented the concept of marriage?
What does a trainer aircraft mean?
Who the concept of work engagement?
What was Finland's first E-road?
In what year was the book The Wheel of Time published?
When was the Anglican church founded?
In which years was the Kingdom of Israel in operation?
What is the oldest city in Greece?
Where did Don Rosa come up with Donald Duck?
What weather phenomenon leads to rain?
What was Activision's first game?
What did Brock Lesnar do before his professional wrestling career?
Where was Imelda Marcos born?
How big was Finland's area at its largest?
When is the independence day of Japan?
Who is Jimmy Åkesson?
Min
What problems have arisen since the abolition of the mobile police in Finland?
Why did people start wearing clothes?
When was Britain founded?
For what purpose was the ballpoint pen invented?
Is music therapy used in Finland?
How many districts is Queens divided into?
What was decided in the Moscow ceasefire agreement?
Who invented concrete?
In what year was Hugh Grant born?
Who were the natives of Western Sahara?
When was the first part of the Western Metro planned?
When did Pokemon start airing in Finland?
Is Vanaja church built by hand?
When was the laserdisc invented?
What year did the Greek military dictatorship end in the 1970s?
What products are imported to Russia from abroad?
What was Disney’s first cartoon?
Are Icelandic ponies really from Iceland?
When were the elves first mentioned in mythology?
When was the world's first butterfly found?
Since when has Brad Moran been playing hockey?
How many rulers have there been during the Russian Empire?
Which position does Brian McGrattan play?
How much does a drum kit weigh?
How many NHL teams has Ray Whitney played on?
Has there been a civil war in Norway?
In what year did the first Africans arrive in North America with the Spaniards?
What does aesthetic mean?
How is a chemical weapon defined?
What does canon mean?
Which country consumes the most oranges?
How many teams play in the German DEL?
How big are barnacle geese?
When did the kingdom of Bohemia collapse?
Who developed wearable computers?
In what year was marriage determined?
Who founded OPEC?
In what year did Giuseppe Verdi die?
What was the population of Germany in 2018?
What is the so-called black knight?
Where did Jules Verne die?
How many stations are there on the waterfront?
When did Charles Starkweather die?
Who Invented the standard test image?
What was Emmi Fock's first work?
How many animal species live in Australia?
How was reliability theory born?
Is the sea always salty?
Do Jehovah's Witnesses work on every continent?
In what year did Bartholomew Roberts die?
How big is the state of New York?
Was the Chen dynasty before the Song dynasty?
Where did David Hume die?
In what year was St. Peter's church built?
Where did Frances Gray die?
When did Almar Fabritius die?
When was pedagogy developed?
When was Germany's first highway manufactured?
How many districts is Portugal divided into?
Who founded China's first car brand?
Has a monument been made in honor of the Battle of Vaskivesi?
What is the largest city in Italy?
What was the Rufus River massacre?
How big was Kaga?
Where did the Swedish language come from?
When did Karelia belong to Finland?
What are Autobots?
What was Venezuela’s GDP in 2018?
Do mrash frogs live in Finland?
What are organic compounds Made of?
Where does the name of the Hittites come from?
How much does Chris Drury weigh?
Which cities in Finland were bombed during the Winter War?
Can humans live on Mars?
How many movies are in Friday the 13th movie series?
Can a person live without a bile duct?
What is the most important observation of Eratosthenes of Cyrene in astronomy?
In which party was Vihtori Kosonen in Finland?
Does Tommy Lee have children?
Who owns Air Canada?
How many species of antelopes are known?
How is biological sex determined?
When was Tatian the Assyrian born?
Are elves good creatures?
Where was the second Intifada?
Were all 1895 jaeger men?
Which Marvel Comics character is Mandarin?
Where does the series Friday Night Lights take place?
What areas in Finland are at risk for flooding?
Why did people living before the 1900s have long names?
What does the name of the game Shin Megami Tensei: Persona 4 mean?
Where in the US did the French establish their first settlement?
Why was the Battle of Borodino fought in Moscow?
When was the first railway in Canada opened?
What was the outcome of the Kuorsumaa peasant revolt?
What was the first Finnish television series?
How does the chemical process differ from the physical process?
Where did Zhu Xi die?
How old is the oldest building in the neighborhood of Taka-Töölö?
What year was Alexander Dubček born in?
How many different calendars are there?
What was Fidel Castro's cause of death?
What does Soviet Republic mean?
Was Earth initially a star?
What did the Royalists represent?
How tall is Mount Parnassus?
How was the female lead in the film Lost in Translation?
How many cetacean species are there?
How is the problem of universals defined?
What is the capital of Greenland?
Where did the occupational safety and health originate?
Who was the vocalist and front man for Jane's Addiction?
Where does the soccer team Espoon Palloseura play its home games?
How is dysphasia defined?
Which state was the most significant backer of the Taliban?
What city was Heinrich Himmler born in?
Who led the Reds in the Finnish Civil War?
How long is a bear's tail?
What year was Wilhelm Maybach born in?
What is the largest state in Europe?
How can leukemia be treated?
How old was Jorge Lorenzo when he first started with motorcycle road racing?
How far is Saturn from the Earth?
When did production of butter begin?
What is the population of La Rochelle?
When was the first endowment administered?
Who translated the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles into Finnish?
What is the first tale of One Thousand and One Nights?
How large is Saturn compared to the Earth?
What was Erich Hoepner's role in the 1944 plot?
Has there been only one royal family in Sweden?
Where does the name IMAX originate?
Is the Maltese government corrupt?
Which construction company built the Tampere bus station?
Was Harry S. Truman one of the founding members of NATO?
Who was appointed as the director-general of UNESCO in 2017?
How does the Eisenia fetida reproduce?
What year was IDW Publishing founded in?
What is the average ocean pH?
What decade is the series Agent Carter set in?
How many airplane hijackings have taken place in Finland?
When was the first Avengers comic published
What country did tennis player Vitas Gerulaitis come from?
Why do tectonic plates move?
When was the McDonnell Douglas DC-10 in production?
How old is Santa Claus?
What percentage Japanese population are immigrants?
What is the national animal of Bangladesh?
How many penalty minutes did Sami Salonen accumulate during his career?
How is taxation in ploughs defined?
What field of philosophy studies the mind?
Who were the Ostrobothnian Mystics?
How many Foxy Pirates are there in the One Piece manga?
Which came first, jazz or blues?
When was Sin City released?
What is the Greek national dish?
What were the reasons for the Boer War?
How many calves can a reindeer give birth to?
When was Suvi Lukkarinen crowned Miss Finland?
How old was Albert Einstein when he learned to speak?
How can reliability be tested?
Does the Aegean Sea still exist?
What is the definition of a dynasty?
When did Gordian I die?
How many layers does a tropical rain forest have?
Who was the Roman emperor when Illyria became a Roman province?
Have the San Antonio Spurs ever been crowned as an NBA champion?
Who were the so-called Loyalists?
Why does James Raggi publish games while located in Finland?
Where were pervasive games first developed?
What year was the Arctic Cooperation agreement launched?
Are there coral reefs in Curaçao?
Where did the smallpox originate?
Can an individual staying in the country illegally be taken into custody?
What does the term "a free market" mean?
How can an earthquake be measured?
What was the name of the computer in the film 2001: A Space Odyssey?
How is a security defined?
How many Tamils survive to this day?
How is the existence of Black Panthers explained?
Have all Hittites become extinct?
When was the first camera invented?
Why were the Nyby glass works closed down?
Have there been more Republican Presidents than Democratic Presidents in the US?
What is the smallest state in the US?
Is Agent Carter a woman?
Is nickel toxic?
When was the first Moskvitch launched?
What was Gordian I's cause of death?
Have there ever been pirates in Finland?
What is the Salpausselkä large hill
What is the top speed of fighter jets?
Why did the Dutch make South Africa a colony?
From which country was Amy Winehouse from?
Was Richard the Lionheart violent?
In what year did people start building gardens?
What was the population of Sweden in 2018?
What is the name of Impaled Nazarene's debut album?
Is it the Benin Association?
What was the GDP of Greece in 2018?
Are the Greeks the oldest people on earth?
In what decade did Superman first appear in animations?
How is fencing with an épée practiced?
How many books has Ulla Selkälä translated into Finnish?
What was the population of Vanaja the year it was demolished?
How is anesthesia defined?
Why did Facel stop making cars in 1964?
Who owns FC Inter?
Who designed the cathedral?
When were radio frequencies discovered?
How is encryption defined?
Where did the incest start?
Who starred as Master Yoda in the first Star Wars movies?
What kind of tree is poplar?
Is Snake Eyes a sergeant major in military rank?
Who won the Grand Slam in 2018?
When did the advancement of Axis powers on the Eastern Front stop?
What is the area of ​​Ulvila?
Why are there so many spiders in the world?
Who are the Avengers superheroes?
What is the Area of ​​Urjala?
Who was Estonia's first prime minister?
Where was phenomenography developed?
Are there guards in Finland's nature taking care of the forests?
How is aphasia defined?
When was Forssa founded?
How many tsars has Russia had?
How many Finnish championships does Jani Komulainen have?
According to the latest statistics, what was the average housing area in Helsinki?
What does Brigadeführer mean?
What is Norwegian independence day?
In what year the screen resolution was developed?
When did the breeding of the Finnish spitz begin?
What is the largest city in Germany?
When was HMS Eskimo built?
How many playable characters are there in the first Tekken game?
In what year was the Digimon series shown on Finnish television?
How many light motorcycle models has Honda produced?
What is the sequence number of tungsten in a chemical system?
Who Invented the months?
Is beryllium a toxic element?
Is the weather in San Diego sunny all year round?
How to get in the landlocked state of Bhutan?
How many gaits can be taught to a horse?
Where did the Minoan religion originate?
How many nations are there in the Iroquois Union?
In what year could Andorra be considered independent?
What was Tom Clancy’s last work?
When was the first cell phone camera invented?
Are Totoro creatures friendly?
Where did The Ultimate Fighter 5 freestyle tournament take place?
From which country is Robert Jordan from?
What is the population of Pirkanmaa?
Where does the name United Kingdom come from?
Who wrote the first book of the genre of sword and magic?
How common were peasant uprisings?
What kind of clothes do Ainu people wear?
What led to the Battle of Ikaalinen?
When was the International Telecommunication Union established?
How many state territories does the Sahara extend to?
How many works did Plato make?
How many items are in the collections of the Finnish National Museum?
In which country was animated filmmaker Mike Judge born?
Who was appointed as tbe prime minister of Finland after the 1966 parliamentary elections?
What was the name of the Howard Lovecraft's cat?
In which city was Charlotte Kalla born?
What are the administrative parts of Belgium?
How did Yrjö Sakari Yrjö-Koskinen die?
How many species of mucus are there?
How many suicides were committed in Finland in 2018?
Was the Women's march a political statement?
When did Kevin Eastman and Peter Laird establish Mirage Studios?
Where is the fabulous Dracula's castle located?
How is a brown dwarf defined?
When was HMS Mohawk removed from service?
What is not allowed to be burnt in an open fire in Finland?
Who created the women's list?
Will Jason Bateman star in the movie Horrible Bosses?
What is the largest city in Japan?
When was sword fighting invented?
How is an early youth organization defined?
Who invented the trumpet?
In which city was Friedrich Fromhold Martens born?
In what year was the guitar developed?
In what process does the gaseous process become liquid?
Who is Don Kong?
When did David Sánchez start playing football?
Who founded Mitann?
What is the national food of Nepal?
Who was the last head of state in the Soviet Union?
How many colonies did France have?
Are the Nassau clan nobles?
What is the probability of drawing an ace of spades from a full deck of cards?
Which country is the bulgur rice originally from?
Were the people who inhabited Heinävesi during the Stone Age Finns?
Where did Teuvo Pakkala die?
How many children does Boris Yeltsin have?
Who founded Rockstar North?
What is the Second Largest City in Northern Ireland?
Who plays the lead part in The Vacation and the Year of the Rabbit?
Who was the first chairman of the KGB in Belarus?
What is a kendō sword made of?
When was the first SSD invented?
What ended apartheid?
How big was the Battle of Hyvinkää?
Where does Emanuel Swedenborg's name come from?
When did Grey's Anatomy start airing?
Why did World War I break out?
Will there be Estonian Swedes in the year 2019?
Is the population of Norway larger than the population of Finland?
How many native peoples live in Australia?
Who was the first president of Spain?
Who are or were Ashford and Simpson?
How long is the average floorball racket?
How many public servants work in the Ministry of the Environment of Finland?
Has anyone lived in St. Mary's Church of Sastamala?
Where does the saying ‘where pepper grows' come from?
How many books has Maria Gripe written?
Which colour is Peter Pan's outfit?
What does the plot of the TV series '24' focus on?
Do princes live in India?
What is the age limit for the game 'The King of Fighters'?
When was the first Resident Evil game released?
Who is the illustrator for the newer style of The Simpsons?
What are the causes of a mental disorder?
What was the most significant event of the Tokugawa era?
Can the sacred trinity of Christianity be interpreted as pagan from Islam's perspective?
When did shooting become an Olympic sport?
Who designed the Willys MB SUV?
What is the distance from Rovaniemi to Helsinki by railroad?
How many players can play Crash Bandicoot?
During which decade did bus traffic start more widely in Finland?
In what year was The Art of War published?
What is Deiro's most famous composition?
What is saltpeter?
Who was the president of the United States after World War II?
Who wrote the film 'The Pleasure Garden'?
What caused the uprising in Viapori?
Who was in the Honda-liiga?
Has Finland ever been under German rule?
Has the band 'McFly' broken up?
How many communist states are there?
How long did the Italian conquest take?
What kind of camera was used to shoot films in late 19th century Italy?
Where did the word politics come from?
Why was the Red Army established in Russia?
What are the goals of archeology?
What is the position of the woman in the Islam?
In which team did football goalkeeper Olli Huttunen play throughout his career?
How is a prophet defined?
Which team won the first ice hockey championship in independent Belarus?
When did Mannerheim start his military career?
When did the character 'Supergirl' first appear?
How many works did Aristotle make?
Are mausoleums rare in the 21st century?
In which year did Björn Borg win the Wimbledon tennis tournament doubles the first time?
From which country is the company Red Barrels from?
On which day was Lady and the Tramp released in Finland?
What is the population of the city of Paris to the nearest hundred thousand citizens?
What is the most common cause of liver disease?
Who is the coach of Kiekko-Espoo?
How old was the oldest Vietnamese person in 2018?
What two bodies of water are connected by the Lempäälä canal?
Who discovered the parasympathomimetics?
How long is the River Indus?
How long was Ruben Oskar Auervaara able to play his con game?
How long is Miekojärvi?
How many spies have been discovered and convicted in Finland?
What was the cause of death of Karl Adam Nils Gabriel Hård af Segerstad?
Which country is the biggest banana consumer?
Who developed the XML markup language?
Who was the creator of resolution?
How many children does Mick Mars have?
How long is the Aunus railway track?
How many notes can you play with a flute?
How much do the teeth of the Eurasian beaver grow per month?
How long is the Gulf Stream?
How many armored divisions does the Finnish Defence Forces have?
What was the first game published by Microsoft Game Studios?
Is the Pokemon series based on a manga?
Has the Tampere bus station been renovated?
When were tax returns paid in Finland in 2019?
How many times are blessings mentioned in the Bible?
Why were the lakes in the Vanajavesi–Pyhäjärvi region drained?
Is the redworm dangerous to people?
Who founded Talentum?
How large is the Sea of Japan?
How large is Aruba?
Who illustrated the game 'Company of Heroes'?
What is the most well known song of Steven Seagal?
What is the definition of a river outlet?
Where was Jani Komulainen born?
Does Lake Kolmisoppinen have any islands?
What is the distance between Munich and Berlin?
How large is Loimaa?
What is the definition of antagonism?
Who recorded the 'Tie Tampereelle' documentary movie?
When was the township of Eura founded?
When did Emmi Fock die?
How much space do the dials require in an aeroplane?
What are the three primary methods of long-term digital storage?
How many bird species are in the family of estrildidae?
How many countries did the EU have before Finland joined in?
What is the definition of an enlightenment philosopher?
What caused the death of Gabriel Lippmann?
How old are Rizzoli & Isles?
How did Diocletian become the Roman emperor?
How large is La Rochelle?
Who was the ruler of Vietnam during the Battle of Khe Sanh?
What is the definition of euclidian?
How many females does the band Guns N' Roses have?
What is the recommenden minimum age for the game Company of Heroes?
What was the rank of Ferdinand Schörner at the end of World War I?
What caused the death of Erich Fromm?
How many episodes did the TV series 'Joey' have?
What is the origin of gnosticism?
What was Iceland's GDP in 2018?
How does the VIRVE function?
Does Pukinmäki have a gymnasium?
When were dogs first used for hunting?
Have the effects of cannabis ever been researched in Finland?
Who created the Command & Conquer game series?
When was the first recorded case of sleep apnea?
What is the minimum age of the movie 'Bounty'?
What is the population of Forssa?
How large is Äänekoski?
Was Christmas celebrated in pagan Finland in any form?
How large is Panelia?
Who sent the first "Nigerian letter"?
How large is Kurikka?
How old is Randall Flagg?
When were the first orthodox monasteries of Heinävesi constructed?
What caused the death of Zbigniew Brzezinski?
When was the TV series 'The Iron Age' first broadcasted in Finland?
When were the Simpsons first broadcasted in Finland?
When was Niklas Bäckström born?
Who was Time magazines Person of the Year in 1993?
Where are Finland's largest barracks located in?
Can beetroot be grown in Finland?
How many doctors work at the central hospital of Päijät-Häme?
How many grand crosses has the Order of the Cross of Liberty awarded in Finland?
Who was the first professor of AMD?
When did Tapio Puolimatka become a professor?
How many Finnish companies sell plastic?
How large is Hankasalmi?
Which Finnish university had the strictest entrance requirements in 2018?
Who created the first mathematical equation?
How much does The Miz weight?
When did Gabrielle Solis become pregnant for the first time?
Where does Nicolas Soult's nicname 'Iron Hand' come from?
How many colonies did France possess?
How many medals has Juan Martin del Potro received in the Olympics?
How long is the Oka river?
What is the population of Hanko?
How can immunity be researched?
How large is Earth's atmosphere?
What kind of parts is the field of synthetic biology interested in?
What are the differences of ethnic groups in regards to educational success?
Did the Italian Socialist Party have two prime minsters?
Can Buddhists have pets?
Where did Luigi Gallean die?
How many founding members did the World Union of Freethinkers have?
How many cows is a farmer allowed to have?
Has a king ever ruled Dubai?
When was the Seurakuntien Lapsityön Keskus founded?
Where does the name of the 'Final Fantasy' game series come from?
When were the first conducted tours from Finland to Rhodes?
Who was the queen after Maria de’ Medici?
How old is Count Olaf?
What is the maximum student limit of the University of Oxford?
How large is Miekojärvi?
Are there jackdaws in Finland?
How large is Brunei?
How many Finns are tenants?
Where was the first paved road in Finland?
How many times was Hjalmar J. Procopé married?
How many subcategories does mathematics have?
When was Tuuri founded?
How are regular games defined as?
How much did Ford Mustang cost in 2019?
Does Kiviranta have a swimming beach?
Who invented the 'Hai' rubber boots?
What does humus concentration mean?
How long is the Kingsroad?
How many works did René Descartes publish?
What was Saku Sammakko doing?
What are the phases of a tsunami?
Who invented the first mathematical conundrum?
What was the average size of Finnish summer cottages in 2018?
Where did Väinö Palojärvi die?
Which country gave birth to the gamer subculture?
How long is the Eurasian jay?
What was the most common name given to a male child in Finland in 2018?
Does the village Syrjäntaka still exist?
How long is the Indus River?
How many regents named Elizabeth has England had?
When did Piitu Uski start her career as an actor?
How long is Roy Andersson's longest movie?
