How many branches of computer science are there?
In which year did Bidhu Binod Chopra get the first national award?
Who was the spokesperson of the Ministry of Interior of Saudi Arabia in 2015?
In which year the existence of the East China Sea, a part of the Pacific Ocean, was first known?
What is the name of the current (2019) Prime Minister of Egypt?
Who was the Viceroy of India in 1905?
Where does the word company come from?
Against which team Gilbert Laird Jessop played his first Test match for England?
What is the official name of Dumdum Airport?
From which college did Acharya Hemchandra study?
What is the origin of the word pornography?
Aam Aadmi Party leader Anna Hazare was born in which Indian state?
How old was Christopher Lance Cairns when he started playing for the New Zealand national team?
What was the name of the first film directed by Sam Mendez?
In which year did Muhammad Abduh pass his degree?
How many English plays did Christopher Marlowe write as a playwright?
Does plum cake have any Bengali name?
What percentage of the total population is addicted to drugs in India?
How many books of poetry did Satyendranath Tagore compose?
Who was the last king of the Xia dynasty of ancient China?
What is the name of the first Prime Minister of Canada?
Who is the first captain of South African national cricket team?
How many languages ​​have the Brahma Vaivarta Purana been translated into?
What is the name of the first novel written by the English novelist David Mitchell?
What is the name of the first principal of Khulna Public College?
What is the name of the first novel written by the American novelist Herman Melville?
Did Michael Jackson commit suicide?
Who is currently the coach of the Australian international cricket team?
What was the rate of financial prosperity of Bangladesh in 2017?
How many goddesses are mentioned in the Rig Veda?
Which is the largest city in the United States?
In which city was Ramchandra Chatterjee born?
Where was the capital of the Ahom Empire?
What is the name of the currency of Mexico?
What is the scientific name of Bucorvus leadbeateri?
What is the name of the first book of poetry written by Dwijendralal Roy?
In terms of the total number of Tamil Nadu chief ministers, where does the present chief minister stand?
What is the student strength in the Premier University of Chittagong?
Who is the current district president of Burdwan district?
How many Lok Sabha constituencies are there in Nadia district of West Bengal at present?
What is the average number of women raped every day in India in 2016?
What is the current student strength in Mirzapur Cadet College?
How many people are currently addicted to drugs in West Bengal, India?
How much did it cost to build the Konark Sun Temple?
In which year was the pulsar first discovered?
What is the present student strength in Moulvibazar Government High School?
To whom is the Gitanjali book of poetry dedicated?
What is the venue of World Science Fair in New York?
How many people were injured in the anti-Muslim riots in Myanmar in 2013?
Which magazine published the first short story written by Mohammad Lutfar Rahman?
What is the current (2019) employee strength of Indian Railways?
How many branches of astronomy are there in total?
When was the Bangladesh Small and Cottage Industries Corporation established?
What is the name of the latest comics created by Belgian cartoonist Herz?
What is the name of the deepest forest in Africa?
How many characters are mentioned in the first series of the Harry Potter novel?
What is the official name of Visakhapatnam Airport?
Who is the mother of Mohammad Mosaddeq, Prime Minister of Iran?
Which Indian scientist won the first Nobel Prize for his research on mathematical chemistry?
When was the hydrogen bomb first discovered?
What is the highest score of Douglas Robert Jardine in an international Test match?
What is the number of ruku of the first surah of Quran?
How much did it cost to make the movie Red 2?
What was the name of the wife of Siraj Sikder in Bangladesh?
How many types of software are there?
What is the current (2019) strength of Pakistan Navy?
Why is the 7th Ottoman Sultan Muhammad II known as the Conqueror Muhammad?
When was the first film directed by James Cameron released?
Is anal sex harmful to health?
When was the Naogaon District School established?
Was scientist Albert Einstein married?
Who was the Prime Minister of Bangladesh in 1972?
Where is the current (2019) capital of Egypt located?
How many people in India are using Bangla language in 2018?
When was the constitution of Bangladesh written?
Is it possible to cure autism by treatment?
The Royal Library of Alexandria was built during the reign of which king?
What is the maximum number of eggs that a pigeon can lay together?
What is the name of the first novel written by novelist and storyteller Zaheer Raihan?
What is the name of the first book written by the famous psychologist Sigmund Freud?
What is the distance between Leh and Ladakh?
How many Bangladeshi soldiers died in the war of independence of Bangladesh in 1971?
Where does the word supreme commander come from?
What is the birth year of British writer Roald Dahl?
What is the highest educational qualification of Zakir Abdul Karim Naik?
When did Hossain Shaheed Suhrawardy first join politics?
Which is the largest city in Michigan?
What is the name of the world's first bra company?
What is the total number of suras in the Muslim religious book Quran?
What is the name of the first president of France?
How long did it take to draft the Indian Constitution?
What was the average temperature in New Zealand in 2015?
Who is the current owner of Mozilla Foundation?
From which word is the word 'culture' derived?
When did Prayut Chan-o-Cha take over as the Prime Minister of Thailand?
According to Greek mythology, how many children did Zeus have?
Where was the software license law first introduced?
How many times has the design of 100 taka notes been changed since the independence of Bangladesh in 1971?
Whose son is the Hindu god Vishnu?
How many ICC Cricket World Cups have Zimbabwe cricket team won?
What is the name of the first wind power plant built in South Australia?
In which book was the first instance of Urdu language found?
How many international Test matches has former Australian cricketer Brett Lee played in total?
What is the current (2019) population of Puerto Rico?
Who is the wife of Prince Dwarkanath Tagore?
In which year was the University of Mississippi Medical School established?
What is the average depth of the Maratha Trench?
What is the English term for homosexuality?
Where was the Greater India Society headquartered?
What is the youngest of the five Pandavas?
South African cricketer Paul Lee Harris was a left or right handed batsman?
What is the name of the currency of Somalia?
Where on earth is most fossil fuels produced?
What is the length of the Penn River?
When was the manuscripts of Charyapada discovered?
What is the name of the legislature of Maldives?
When did the Hungry Movement start in Bengali literature?
Which is the largest city in UAE?
In which Bangladesh city was the Safe Road Movement of 2018 first started?
What is the name of the first book edited by Abdul Mannan Syed?
Who succeeded Zahir-ud-din Muhammad Babar for the Mughal Empire throne?
Where was the capital of the Fag-mo-gru-pa dynasty?
From which era did people start writing history?
Who was the Major of the Allied forces in the battle of Shiromani Tank?
Who discovered the first specimen of Bishnupriya Manipuri literature?
What is the scientific name of Swallowtail butterfly?
What is the birth year of Prince Vijay Singh?
How many countries participated in favour of the Allies of World War II?
Who was the first principal of Feni Government College in Bangladesh?
What do you call the law created to run the country?
How many times did Salman Al Farisi marry?
How many districts are there in Andhra Pradesh?
Where was the capital of the Mauryan Empire?
Who issues software licenses?
What is the highest punishment for rape according to the Indian Constitution?
What is the name of the first play written by Khalekdad Chowdhury?
Who was the ruler of Afghanistan just before Sher Ali Khan?
What is the name of the father of British writer JK Rowling?
Where is the headquarters of the Communist Party of China?
Which is the largest state in India in terms of population?
Who was the first Dalai Lama of the Dge-Lugs religious community?
Who is the Chairman of the Board of Directors of American Film Institute?
How many months did it take to make the movie Last Stories?
Who was the first to invent the data storage device?
What is the total area of ​​Rajbari city?
How many novels did Narayan Gangopadhyay write in total?
Who is the director of the movie "Megher Kole Rod"?
How many characters are mentioned in the novel named "Modhyahno" written by popular storyteller Humayun Ahmed?
In which country was the first movement staged on freedom of speech?
What is the name of the largest city in Kunar province of Afghanistan in terms of size?
What was the minimum temperature in The Indian capital, Delhi during the winters of 2018?
When was the concept of relative quantum chemistry first found?
Who is the current (2019) Chief Minister of Manipur, India?
Who was the first principal of Notre Dame College?
Who was the director of the second film in the James Bond film series?
What is the name of the capital of California?
In what year did WikiLeaks first display information on the Internet?
What is the scientific name of MIlliped?
Which is the current ruling government in Makkah?
Muhammad Kudrat-e-Khuda was born in which part of Bangladesh?
How many Bangladeshi soldiers were killed in the battle of Gazipur?
What is the English term for organic compounds?
What is the total size of Pluto?
To which empire did the Khmer Empire fall?
What is the name of the second king of Barakzai dynasty of Afghanistan?
What is the total area of ​​Shyambazar?
At what age did Zaheer Raihan start directing films?
How many ship manufacturing companies are there in India?
How many television series did Sophie Turner star in?
Which is the main city of Birbhum district in West Bengal?
In which year did Syed Shamsul Huda first join KCIE?
Which actor played the role of Harry in the movie Harry Potter?
In which year did Mesut Ozil get his first opportunity to play for the German national football team?
In which part of India was Madan Mohan Malviya born?
Who is the first female pilot of India?
Which is the official currency of Libya?
How many folk Gods are there in Bengal?
Which country is known as the place of origin of rickshaws?
From which word does the word duck come?
When was the poem 'Song Offerings' written?
Which country's competitor has won the most number of gold medals in Olympic wrestling?
Who was the designer of the one hundred euro note?
What is the date of birth of Colonel Shafayat Jamil, the heroic freedom fighter of Bangladesh War of Independence?
Shampukur police station was built in which year?
Which is the longest river in the state of Kerala?
Bhangra dance was first introduced in India in which city?
Who is the first defense minister of Nepal?
How many books have been written in Bengali on the history of the origin of globalization till 2000?
Who first used the word Speciation?
How many administrative areas are there in Bangladesh?
What was the unemployment rate in Bangladesh in 2018?
When was Captain William Kidd born?
What is the name of the first comics written by Belgian cartoonist Herz?
How many verses are there in Mahabharata?
How many gold medals did India win in the 2018 Winter Olympics?
To which empire did the Ahom Empire fall?
How many Hindus live in Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh?
What was the GDP of Hessen State in 2018?
Approx. when was the first book, the Hebrew Bible, written?
What is the current population of Katwa town in East Burdwan district?
Who is the founder of the Sen dynasty?
In which year was Abdul Aziz or Ibn Saud nominated as King of Saudi Arabia?
In which year did Tareq Rahman first join the politics of Bangladesh?
In which year was Niels Bohr born?
Who is the first Khediv of Sudan?
As per Hindu Mythology, how many hands does Ganesha have?
Who was the first Prime Minister of Uzbekistan?
What was the total number of capitals of the Ottoman Empire?
How many times did Muhammad get married?
Where is the headquarter of the Indian Parliament located?
Are the trams still (2019) running in Kolkata?
How many parts of speech are there in Bengali grammar?
When was Dr. Bidhan Chandra Roy born?
What was the tenure of Abdullah Ibn Jubayr as the chief of Mecca?
What is the name of the first book written by Henry Beveridge?
When was the GNU project established?
In which year was the first rotor machine invented?
How long did the battle of Kamalpur last?
Where was the plum cake first made?
How many football clubs are there in Bangladesh?
What is the name of the largest delta in India?
When did the search for scientific methods begin on earth?
When was the University of Delhi established?
What is the current number of employees of China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited?
In which year was Jamal Pasha or Ahmed Jamal appointed as the Ottoman military leader?
What was the total geographical area of ​​Bengal in the seventeenth century?
In which year was Abbas I appointed as the ruler of the Safavid dynasty of Persia?
What was the name of the first movie made by Bangladeshi children's film director Azizur Rahman?
What is the length of the Yarmouk River?
How many tributaries are there in Brahmaputra river?
Who is the last emperor of Hoysala empire?
Who is the current Prime Minister of Spain?
How many Bangladeshi films did Vidya Sinha Saha Meem act in 2016?
When was the Australian (women's) national cricket team first formed?
Who was the director of the comedy-drama film Inside Out?
Who is the current Vice Chancellor of Sir Ashutosh Government College?
What was the year-round average temperature in Darjeeling in 2015?
In which city of England was Queen Victoria born?
What is the name of the first film directed by Bangladeshi model, actress and director Tania Ahmed?
How long did the anti-Muslim riots in Myanmar last in 2013?
How many authors have contributed their 'Padas' in the manuscript of Charyapada?
What is the water density of the Great Salt Lake located in the state of Utah, in the north of the United States?
What is the current (2019) population of North 24 Parganas district of West Bengal?
From which language group was the Turkish language originate?
What is the total area of Esplanade?
Which is the first women's school established in Bhaluka sub-district?
In which year did Mohammad Farhad become the President of Communist Party of Bangladesh?
Were the women in the Vedic age seen as sexual materials?
Who was the finance minister of Bangladesh in 2011?
In which Bengali film was the first nude scene shown?
How many days did it take to complete the construction of Rabindra Bridge?
When was the Chinese medical scientist Tu Yuu born?
When was the Qing Dynasty founded?
Which actress starred opposite Ranbir Raj Kapoor in his debut Hindi film?
Who started the first railway system in Assam?
Who is the current (2019) director of sports entertainment television program WWE?
At what age did Nelson Rolihlahla Mandela die?
In which language was the Norse mythology first translated?
What is the name of the first book written by Chinese President Xi Jinping?
In which district of Tamil Nadu is the city of Coimbatore located?
What is the total area of ​​Cox's Bazar Airport?
Who is the current Chief Minister of New Delhi?
Which is the largest city in Uzbekistan?
In which year did Stanley Kubrick receive his first Academy Award?
What is the percentage of blood in the human body?
What was the minimum temperature in Kalimpong district of India in winter 2018?
Who handed over the Alamgir's first National Film Award to him?
When was the Ba'ath Party established in Syria?
How many chambers does the Indian legislature have?
What is the capital of Vanuatu?
Who is the founder of Chittagong University Museum?
What was the name of the first film produced by Jessica Chastain?
Which is the largest city in Malaysia?
For which country does the Women's Welfare Charity works?
Homo erectus belongs to which animal family?
What is the name of the first female pilot of India?
How many railway stations are there in Rajshahi city?
How many people lost their lives in Russia's civil war?
What are those who believe in the existence of God called?
Where was Darwin born?
Is there any law against fraud in India?
When was the first book of poetry written by Ahmad Shafar first published?
How many Bangladeshi soldiers died in the 1971 war of independence of Bangladesh?
Which is the largest country among the countries of Asia continent?
What is the official name of Indian currency?
Who was the Prime Minister of Bangladesh during the 1971 War of Independence?
What is the real name of the author of Japanese superhero parody webcomic One Punch Man?
For how many years was Wen, the first emperor of the Sui Empire ruled the kingdom?
What is the total population of Bandarban district at present?
When was the world's first capitalist society formed?
Which duration is considered as the Palaeozoic Era?
In which year did the Chinese medical scientist Tu Yuu discover Artemisinin?
Which is the capital of the state of Assam?
Is Rajavi Khorasan Provincean administrative center?
What is the name of the first book written by the famous British naturalist, explorer, geographer, anthropologist, and biologist Alfred Russell Wallace?
When did the Black Metal song originate?
From which college did prominent freedom fighter Abdur Razzak completed his studies?
How many countries are there in Asia?
What is the average lifespan of Royal Bengal Tiger?
Where was the Ikhwan party first formed?
When did the world's first human spaceflight take place?
What is the name of the first Bengali book of Satyendranath Basu?
In which Indian film is the first nude scene shown?
From which school did Novera Ahmed matriculated?
Is red colour considered as a symbol of revolution?
In which year was the Cambridge University Cricket Club established?
What is the last letter of the Arabic alphabet?
To which empire did the Sia Empire fall?
What is the current (2019) population of Bankura district of West Bengal?
Who is the current army chief of Bangladesh army?
When was the IT law drafted in India?
What is meant by transgender LGBT?
Does this Maratha trench still exist?
Which is the last book of poetry written by Shakti Chatterjee?
Which is the last book of poetry written by Dwijendralal Roy?
Who was the producer of the first film in the Specter James Bond film series?
At what age did Mushtaq Ahmed Malik start playing for Pakistan cricket team?
What is the name of the world's first robot?
How long did it take to build the Konark Sun Temple?
What is the name of the world's first mobile operating system?
How many soldiers of the two groups were killed in the Battle of Ain Jalut?
Evolutionary psychology is basically divided into how many branches?
Which country lost the Russo-Polish war?
How many teams participated in the Indian Premier League in 2015?
In which year did Johann Carl Friedrich Gauss die?
Who is the current Chancellor of Dhaka University?
How many countries are currently following Islamic law?
When did the word botnet first come into use?
Who is the favorite actor of Indian model and actress Tapsi Pannu?
Who was the author of the first basic fairy tale in Bengali literature?
How many villages are there in North 24 Parganas district of West Bengal?
When was Bangladeshi actor, model, teacher and singer Chanchal Chowdhury born?
How long did it take to create the world's first operating system?
Where is the headquarters of Sonali Bank Limited, the largest state-owned commercial bank in Bangladesh?
Do white blood cells have any color?
Who is the current Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir?
What is the name of the first Dalai Lama of the Dge-Lugs religious group, one of the major denominations of Tibetan Buddhism?
What is the length of Rabindra Bridge?
Who is the founder of Destiny Group in Bangladesh?
How many Jewish people were living in the city of Jerusalem in 2018?
When was the famous poet Bhola Moira born?
When did the Primetime Emmy Awards start?
When was Indian writer R. K. Narayan born?
When was the Howrah-Delhi main railway line built?
Which is the oldest Purana of Jainism?
In which year did the English actor and stage director win the Oscar?
What was the population of Bangladesh when the Bangladesh-India Friendship Agreement was signed?
When was the first copy of "Titas ekti Nadir Naam" published?
How many votes did Donald Trump get to be elected as the President of the United States?
Where is the headquarter of Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami?
Who was the first to speak out against child marriage in Bengal?
What was Marie Tussaud's father's name?
Who is the first president of the Syrian Arab Republic?
What kind of Bengali word is 'Kadar'?
Which is the most populous district in Chittagong division of Bangladesh?
Under which University does the Chittagong Cantonment Public College come?
Who is the current principal of Rajshahi University?
How many criminal courts are there in India today?
How many basic colors are there in nature?
What is the name of the world's first silent film?
How many children did Emperor Shah Jahan have?
What is the name of the first film starring American stage and film actor Alfredo James "Al" Pacino?
How many years has Ilyas Kanchan worked as a Drama actor?
Who is called the father of genetics?
How many Indian Bengali films has Sumon Mukherjee directed?
Mymensingh district consists of how many sub-districts?
What is the total women population in Bangladesh at present?
What is the name of the smallest district in Bangladesh in terms of size?
Does the theory of metric expansion of space belong to the theory of the Big Bang?
In which year was the first film about sexual attraction made?
What is the current (2019) number of students of Abdus Sobhan Rahat Ali High School?
What are atoms made of?
Which Hindi film was Anushka Sharma's debut production?
Which is the smallest city in Armenia in terms of size?
Since when has Japan been training to carry out suicide attacks in the interest of national security during the wars?
When was the Sia Empire founded?
What is the total population of Fustat at present (2019)?
How many times has English actress Kate Elizabeth Winslet been nominated for an Academy Award?
What is the name of the most populous district in the state of Tamil Nadu?
What was the name of the wife of the novelist Munshi Premchand?
What is the name of the first book of poetry written by Shakti Chatterjee?
Which company built the world's largest passenger ship?
Which processor is used in iPhone 5S smartphone?
According to the mythology, what is the name of Manasa's mother?
How many Muslims can pray together in Al-Haram Mosque?
How many years has Abdus Sattar Khan worked in NASA?
How many books have been written by Matiur Rahman?
What is the name of Karan Johar's production company?
What is the name of the main holy book of Norse religion?
What is the current (2019) number of Facebook subscribers?
How many states are there in Bhutan?
How many types of habits are there?
What is the current (2019) population of Bhutan?
Who directed the first play performed by Dal Jan Natya Mancha, India's first political theater?
When was Abbas Kirostami born?
Has the Peruvian national football team ever won the FIFA World Cup?
Who created the malware called Ransomware?
In which year was the Democratic People's Republic of Korea founded?
What is the national fruit of Maldives?
Who was the first Indian climber to reach the summit of Everest?
What is the name of the largest city in Canada in terms of size?
In which century did the lessons of classical antiquity begin in Italy?
Is yellow a type of basic colour?
In which year was emoji first used in India?
Does the Gita, the holy scripture of Hinduism, point to the spiritual path?
How many people were captivated by the gunmen during the attack on the Iranian embassy?
From which side are the Sinhalese alphabets supposed to be written?
In what year did Shah AMS Kibria resign from the post of Finance Minister of Bangladesh?
What is the origin of the word average?
How many branches of biology are there?
Which batsman has scored the maximum runs in international cricket till 2019?
When did Bangladeshi sculptor Novera Ahmed get the Ekushey Padak award?
When was the Chikungunya virus vaccine discovered?
Who is the current (2019) Home Minister of Thailand?
What is the name of the music director of the Tamil film '24'?
Where was the novelist Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay born?
Where is the headquarters of Khan Academy?
Are Intellectual property and copyright same thing?
What is the height of Mount Everest?
What is the height of the temple church?
What is the name of the first vice chancellor of American University?
How many women were diagnosed with cancer in India in 2017 alone?
Which is the main river of Bengal region?
In which year was the theory of international relations first begin to be taught in India?
Which country introduced Sandwich?
Which country ranks third in the world in agricultural production?
When was the Bengali physicist Chanchal Kumar Majumdar born?
Where was the capital of the Tibetan Empire?
In which year did Australian cricketer Richard Richie Benoit play his first Test match?
What is the current student strength of Sanskrit College in North Kolkata?
How many hadiths are there in Islam?
In which year did Novera Ahmed die?
What is the mother tongue of Gorkha people?
When did the first outbreak of rickets occur in India?
What is the number of homosexual males in Egypt recorded in 2018?
Who first proposed the concept of relative quantum chemistry?
What is the name of the first literary novel written in Bengali language?
What is the current population of Shandong?
Who is the current President of Cambridge University Women's Boat Club?
What is the current population of Germany?
When was Albert Einstein's theory of relativity first published?
What is the name of the fifth volume of J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter series?
How many delegates signed the Declaration of Independence of the United States?
Where was Kaliprasanna Singh, an early writer of modern Bengali literature, born?
What is the height of Usain St. Leo Bolt?
From which word does the word 'Whimsical' originate?
What is the name of the father of Bangladeshi politician Muhammad Kamaruzzaman?
What was the number of Mahato people living in different parts of West Bengal in 2018?
How many oceans are there in Europe?
When was the Eden Gardens in Kolkata built?
How many years did Galileo Galilei live?
Who started the practice of modern archeology?
How many years did Swami Nigamananda Paramahamsa live?
Who was the screenwriter of the American film Life of Pi?
What is the name of the world's first superhero movie?
In which year was the first domestic warplane made in India?
Who was the first to start discussions on aesthetics?
When was Marvel Studios founded?
What was the name of the first play written by Shanta Gandhi?
In which year did Robert De Niro Jr. win his first Academy Award?
What is the vehicle of the Hindu god Jagannath?
In which year was the National Library of Bangladesh established?
When was the National Human Rights Commission of Bangladesh formed?
What is the birth year of Bana Al-Abed?
What is the current (2019) population of Katwa subdivision of West Bengal?
What is the total amount of coal stored in the world until 2018?
Who is the first coach of Cayman Islands national cricket team?
What is the name of the first Bengali book that criticizes the Muslim religion?
Presently how many countries are there in East Asia?
When was the Chagatai Khanate established?
What was the name of the first movie produced by Walt Disney Pictures?
What was the subject of the first painting of Sheikh Mohammad Sultan?
What kind of Bengali word is the word superstition?
When was Abd-Allah ibn Ubayy born?
What was the name of Jnandanandini Tagore's husband?
Which is the smallest city in the United States in terms of size?
What is the name of the first grammar book written in Bengali language?
How many villages are there in Sirajganj district?
What type of Bengali word is 'gumbo'?
How many children's literature was written by Upendrakishore Roy Chowdhury?
Who was the producer of Toy Story 3 movie?
At the time of establishment, what was the total number of students of Dhaka Medical College?
In which year was the Communist Party of Bangladesh formed?
In which year did Sir Richard Owen die?
What is the name of the opposition to the feminist sexual war?
Which is the latest version of Windows operating system so far?
What is the name of the currency of Iran?
What percentage of the total population is addicted to drugs in Bangladesh?
What kind of bag is made of crocodile skin?
When was the Shang Empire founded?
Where is the tomb of Hurram Sultan located?
What was the name of the character played by Kareena Kapoor in the 2011 Hindi film "Ra.One"?
What is the total area of ​​Lake Nicaragua?
At what age did Yahya Khan become the military ruler of Pakistan?
What is the local language of Tibet?
How many orphanages are there in Kolkata at present?
Who introduced Baul music in India?
The Wari-Bateshwar site denotes the history of which period?
How many years did the Yuan Dynasty rule in total?
Who was the first to use the word software?
Which Surah has the maximum number of verses in the Quran?
Which is the smallest district of Assam in terms of size?
Which animal species does Ardipithecus belong to?
Who was the first director of the Indian Statistical Institute?
How many tourists visited the Maldives in 2018?
Who is the first Indian filmmaker?
Who was the founder of the Pala dynasty?
What is the name of the latest Hindu Purana book?
What numbered child was Jyotirindranath Tagore of his parents?
What is the official language of the Syrian Arab monarchy?
How many pillars is the Taj Mahal built on?
At present (2018) which state of India has reported the highest number of incidents of rape?
In which country are the green mamba snakes most commonly seen?
Was African cricketer Alexander John Bell a batsman?
What does the word muslin mean?
What was the name of Swami Nigamananda Paramahansa's mother?
Which is the first Telugu film starring Rajinikanth?
When was Headingley Cricket Ground established?
When did Indian rock music originate?
In which year was John Maynard Keynes born?
What is the name of the first book written by Gregor Johann Mendel?
What is the name of the largest city in India in terms of size?
How many Premier League leagues has the English football club participated in till 2017?
Which is the smallest country in Asia?
In which year did William Abraham Simon Oderland was appointed as a Dutch-Australian military commando officer?
Who was the finance minister of Bangladesh in 2011?
How many colours are there in the Canadian national flag?
What is the current number of students in Bhagini Nivedita Girls School?
Who is the founder of the Tang Dynasty?
How many days does it take for the scripture of Islam to be written?
Where was the play "Neel Darpan" written by Deenbandhu Mitra first staged?
What is the name of sister Nivedita's mother?
Can people see in ultraviolet light?
Does the World Science Fair take place every year in New York?
Which sea is located to the west of India?
What is the name of the first film of Bangladeshi model and actress Jaya Ahsan?
What is the diameter of a poliovirus?
How many temples are there in Bhubaneswar, Orissa?
Who is the current captain of West Indies cricket team?
Which vitamin is most needed for proper growth of the baby during pregnancy?
When was the physicist Mohammad Ataul Karim born?
How many cities are there in Thakurgaon district of Bangladesh?
In which year "cyan" as a colour name was first used in English?
How many pairs of air sacs are there in the body of a pigeon?
Which side won the battle of Uhud?
Is Jannat called heaven in Hindu terminology?
What is the name of the world's first book on epidemiology?
Who is the current (2019) leader of the Ikhwan party?
Where in Bangladesh was the presence of arsenic first discovered?
Who is the current district governor of North 24 Parganas district?
What is the name of the smallest city in Canada in terms of size?
What is the current (2019) population of Berlin?
Who is the creator of ghazal songs?
Till what age was Albert Einstein alive?
At what age did Syed Nazrul Islam first join politics?
How many children did Atul Prasad Sen have?
What is the name of the management committee of Hong Kong International Airport?
Which is the first full length Bengali film directed by Abu Tareq Masood?
Is there an international agreement on civil and political rights?
Where was the capital of the Mongol Empire?
How much blood in an adult human body can cause death if it is reduced?
What is the current population of Varanasi city?
What is the total number of students in Indian Statistical Institute, Kolkata at present?
At the time of inception how many members were there in Communist Party of Bangladesh?
Which actor played the lead role in the movie 'Raees'?
Who was the first to explain quantum chemistry?
How many days did it take to create The Dream sculpture?
Who was the founder of the Karrani dynasty?
What is the name of the mother of Habibur Rahman, an officer of Bangladesh Police?
What is the name of the first research-based book on the history of women in India?
Who is the current coach of Zimbabwe cricket team?
What is the name of the oldest epic in Sri Lanka?
What is the current (2019) total population of the Sundarbans region of West Bengal?
What is the name of the first short story written by the novelist Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay?
What is the name of the era succeeding the Archean era?
How many states in India are prone to drought?
What is the current population of the state of Punjab?
In which year did Chanchal Kumar Majumdar establish the Satyendranath Bose National Centre for Basic Sciences?
How many members were there in the drafting committee of the constitution of Bangladesh?
In what year was the latest version of Windows Phone launched in India?
When was the first Bengali play written?
What is the nickname of Pakistani bowler Shoaib Akhtar?
What is the current total population of Chennai?
When did rock music originate?
In which year Jose Mario dos Santos Mourinho Felix started playing football for Real Madrid?
In which year did Mary Teresa Bojaxhiu or Mother Teresa breathe her last?
What is the name of the last book of poetry of the poet Shamsur Rahman?
Which is the most populous city in Uttar Pradesh?
How many wickets did former Australian cricketer Brett Lee take in an international Test match?
What is the name of the first play written by Rabindranath Tagore?
What was the profession of Kabita Ramdas's father?
When was the 20 euro note first introduced?
What is the name of the first Telugu film starring Vaijayanthimala Bali?
What is the height of Wazir Khan Mosque?
From which word does the word bra come?
How many runs does Kevin John Wright have in international Tests?
In which language was the first book on sexual orientation written?
What is the name of the most populous city in the Indian state of Maharashtra?
What kind of Bengali word is the word Zoophilia?
What is the name of the mother of Bangladeshi politician Muhammad Kamaruzzaman?
Which is the largest city in California?
What was the former name of Krishna district, the administrative district of Andhra Pradesh?
Where does the word company come from?
Which is the largest city in Kerala in terms of size?
Who was the first Minister of Information Technology of Bangladesh?
Presently how many municipalities are there in Madhupur subdistrict?
What is the current membership of the Football Club of England?
How many wives did the British philosopher A. J. Eair have?
What is the total area of ​​the Timur Sea?
When was Afghan Mujahideen Commander Abdul Haq born?
In which year was the Wahhabi movement started?
When was the Australian (women's) national cricket team first formed?
Which is the largest city in Sri Lanka in terms of size?
How many times has the England cricket team participated in the ICC Cricket World Cup?
What is the current age of Hindi film comedian Johnny Lever?
When was the Gregorian calendar introduced?
When was the Howrah-Delhi main railway line built?
What is the name of the world's first ship manufacturing company?
From which year did Plato begin his research on the ethics of suicide?
What is the name of the central character in the Bangladeshi children's film 'Chhutir Ghanta'?
How many tributaries are there in Hooghly River?
What is the total area of ​​the state of Texas?
Who is the founder of the Hoysala Empire?
How many sub-divisions are there in East Burdwan district of West Bengal, India?
Maulana Bhasani University of Science and Technology is named after whom?
What is the average depth of the Timur Sea?
What is the name of the first book written by Prof. Iajuddin Ahmed?
What is the total area of ​​Jagannathpur upazila in Bangladesh?
How many letters were there in the Egyptian script?
In which year was Krishnamohan Banerjee born?
Which company produces the India's Daughter series?
What is the total population of Afridi community at present?
When was Muhammad Kamaruzzaman born?
How many calories does a person burn while sleeping?
As per the Football game rules, what should be the diameter of a Football?
Where was Ali Ibn Abi Talib born?
Considering the number of users in 2018, what is the position of the Bengali language?
Who was the director of the first film starring George Timothy Clooney?
Who was the first president of the US Federal Reserve Bank?
Who is the founder of Internet Movie Database?
Who was the Nawab of Bengal when the Marathas first invaded Bengal?
Who was the cinematographer of the American drama film The Godfather Francis?
What is the name of the first translated book by Malay Roy Chowdhury?
Which team lost in the finals of 2014 FIFA World Cup?
What is the name of the most populous city in Singapore?
What is the name of the first book written by British author Roald Dahl?
Where does the word pigment come from?
Who is called the father of civil engineering?
What was the debut film as a singer for the famous Bengali musician Hemanta Mukherjee?
What is the synonym for sexual violence?
Does a woman's health depend on her socio-economic status?
What is the official language of Iraq?
How many verses are there in Hindu scriptures?
What was the number of gay men in the United States as of 2017?
Who was the first chairman of Sonali Bank Limited?
Who is the current (2019) manager of Arsenal Football Club?
What is the current population of Puerto Rico?
How many Hindu temples are there in Uttarakhand?
How many colors are used in the national flag of Armenia?
Which was the strongest cyclone in India in 2016?
How many countries participated in the First World War?
In which year the zamindari system was wiped out from Bengal?
What is the current population of Myanmar?
How many official forms of Persian language are in use now?
How long did the safe road movement of 2018 last?
Who is the head of the Ministry of Education in Kabul, Afghanistan?
What is the name of the father of Abu Raihan Al Biruni?
At what age was Ziaur Rahman elected as the President of Bangladesh?
How many letters are there in the Latin alphabet?
What is the name of the largest city in New Zealand?
When did the rise of Indian nationalism occur?
According to Hinduism, how many types of hell are there?
How many Catholic churches are there in the world?
Where was the first bank of India established?
In what year was the Sundarbans declared a biosphere reserve?
What was the total cost (in dollars) of making the movie La La Land?
What is the name of the mother of Indian Bengali politician Jyoti Basu?
What was the number of Dropbox users in the United States in 2018?
For how many years was Pervez Mehdi Qureshi served as the Air Chief Marshal?
What is the name of the youngest child of the demon king Ravana of Lanka?
Pakistani cricketer Mushtaq Ahmed Malik was left- or right-handed bowler?
Where was the first state of emergency declared in India?
When was the famous Balaram temple located in Bagbazar built?
How many years did Hussain Muhammad Ershad serve as the President of Bangladesh?
Shahidul Alam Sachchu of Bangladesh started his acting career by acting in which television drama?
The 2014 FIFA World Cup Final was played between which two countries?
Which country does the city of Jerusalem now belong to?
From which side is the Sylheti Nagari or Nagari script written?
How many monsters are mentioned in Ramayana?
What is the current population of the city of Jerusalem?
In which year did the South African international cricket team win the last ICC Cricket World Cup?
What is the name of the first published poem written by Sir Humphrey Davy?
What is the total number of troops in the armed forces of Bangladesh at present?
Which country ranks first in cannabis production?
Since when did the custom of awarding Knighthood begin?
What is the name of the current District Magistrate of Bankura district of West Bengal?
Which is the main city of Thane district of Maharashtra?
Where does India rank in uranium extraction in 2018?
How many Lok Sabha constituencies are there in Krishna district of Andhra Pradesh?
How many versions of Windows 7 are there in total?
Who is the current captain of the South African international cricket team?
What is the name of the oldest temple in Varanasi?
When did Arnold James Fathergill start playing international cricket?
How many soldiers of the two groups were killed in the Battle of Ain Jalut?
What is the name of the current (2019) chief leader of Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, the largest Islamist political party in Bangladesh?
Where was the poet Ruparam Chakraborty the writer of Dharma Mangal Kavya born?
When is the death anniversary of the poet Rabindranath Tagore?
When was the word 'science' first used?
In terms of per capita income, where do Singapore stand in the world in 2018?
Which publication published the book Elements?
How many Syrians were killed by the Syrian government during the March 6, 1973 revolution?
In what year did Richard Phillips Feynman die?
What percentage of women of the total Indian population die due to uterine cancer?
How many times has the Australian cricket team participated in ODI cricket till 2019?
Which is the largest city in North 24 Parganas district of West Bengal?
How many different religions are there in the world?
What is the highest run scored by Ricky Thomas Ponting in an international Test match?
When was Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart born?
How much time does it take to build a temple church?
How long is the US disaster adventure film 2012?
Where was the capital of the Ring-Spoons-Pa dynasty?
Where is Adobe Systems Company headquartered?
Who is the founder of Marvel Cinematic Universe franchise?
How many years did Ramchandra Chatterjee live?
At what age did Ernest Miller Hemingway start working as a journalist?
When is the birthday of Samuel Frederick Smith?
How long does it take to hatch a Cockatiel bird's egg?
Who was the captain of the Australian Test cricket team in 1948?
How many children did Tajuddin Ahmed have?
What is the official currency of Vanuatu?
In which year was the first book on the theory of international relations published?
What was the name of the character of Ravi Ghosh in the movie 'Aranyer Dinratri' directed by Satyajit Ray?
Which team won the 2010 FIFA World Cup final?
Since when did Luka Modrić start playing for Real Madrid?
How many countries participated in the Second World War?
When did the feminist movement begin?
What is the name of the last king of the Yuan Dynasty?
What is the name of the current central government of India?
What is the local language of the state of Tamil Nadu?
Who was the first president of Qatar?
What is the name of the first book written on sexual orientation?
Who is called the father of history?
How many dwarf planets have been discovered so far (2019)?
How many forms of Shiva are there according to Hindu scriptures?
What is the name of Zakir Abdul Karim Naik's father?
Who was the first leader of the Arab Socialist Bath Party?
Which team was ranked first in Rankings in 2006?
What was the total population of Bangladesh in 2000?
When was the Bangladeshi intellectual Sirajuddin Hossain born?
How many letters are there in the French alphabet?
Why is the total number of verses in the Upanishads?
Alicia Amanda Vikander started her acting career through which television series?
Where was the Amar Ekushey Book Fair held in Bangladesh in 2018?
From which college did Subhash Mukherjee graduate?
What is the position of West Bengal in wheat production in India in 2018?
What is the composition of each molecule of water?
How many species are there in the world?
On what date was the movie "Chhutir Ghanta" released in 1980?
How many books written by Rajasekhara Bose?
What is the name of the first book written by Allama Shah Ahmad Shafi, a prominent Islamic thinker in Bangladesh?
What is the atomic number of zinc?
What is the name of the first film produced by the world famous Iranian film director Abbas Kirostami?
Is there any vaccine against rubella virus?
Who is the first Principal of Michael Madhusudan College?
Where in India is the largest ashram built by Satya Sai Baba located?
Based on its origin, what type of mountain range is the Andes?
Who is the director of the first Japanese language film?
What is the name of the current (2019) President of Burkina Faso?
What is the name of Hurram Sultan's mother?
How many sections can the Keyboard keys be divided into?
Which Surah of the Quran discusses the rights of Muslim women in details?
What is the mother tongue of Afridi people?
What is the name of the world's first camera?
Aqsa Mosque was built on whose initiative?
When was Arthur Percy Frank Chapman born?
What is the total length of the ballistic missile Agni-5?
What is the current population of Ladakh region of Jammu and Kashmir?
When did the Terracotta industry start in West Bengal?
In which year was the first book on mathematics written by Johann Carl Friedrich Gauss published?
Abdur Rahman Khan was an heir of which dynasty?
What is the scientific name of the "poppy seed"?
Which sort of a Bengali word is El Nino?
Is there any similarity between Bengali and Assamese language?
What is the name of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Bangladesh?
Is Coulomb any kind of force?
How many soldiers were killed on both sides in the Afghan war?
What kind of Bengali word is the word embrace?
What is the current total population of Shanghai?
In which year was the first film based on science fiction The Time Machine released?
What is the current (2019) number of students of Bose Institute?
How many domestic airports are there in Nepal?
Which is the first film starring Bangladeshi film actor Shahidul Alam Sachu?
When was Lord Wellesley appointed as Governor-General of India?
What is the current total number of members of Manchester United Football Club?
Which scientist was the first to discover the existence of neutrons?
When did US-Bangla Airlines Flight 211 crash?
The scientist from which country was the first to use self-modifying code in computer science?
Where is the headquarters of Dhaka University?
When was the temple of Goddess Yogadya established in a village called Khirgram near Mangalkot block of Burdwan district?
In which year did Habibur Rahman take over as Deputy Inspector General of Bangladesh Police in Dhaka?
What is the current number of students in Rajshahi Cadet College?
What is the official currency of Vanuatu?
When did Bangladesh Bank declare bitcoin transactions as illegal?
What is the total area of ​​Suhrawardy Udyan at present (2019)?
What was the name of Drew Blythe Barrymore's first film?
Which year did the champion boxer Sir Henry Cooper die?
Who is the current captain of the Australian international cricket team?
What is the total area of ​​Srirampur on the banks of Hooghly river in the state of West Bengal?
Which government is currently in power in Myanmar?
Who won the gold medal in the 2008 Olympic Marathon?
What is the height of the Buddha statue in Bamiyan?
Where is the capital of the Indian state of Chhattisgarh?
What is the name of the currency of Egypt?
When was the GNU operating system created?
In which year was the next Cricket World Cup held after the 2003 Cricket World Cup?
In which year did India have the highest economic growth rate between 2010 and 2019?
Who is the author of the book Genesis?
What was the name of the first book written by the Swiss mathematician and physicist Leonard Euler?
Which publication published the first book of poetry written by Shamsur Rahman, one of the leading poets of modern Bengali literature?
Who was the first to talk about the conspiracy theory?
What is the current (2019) population of the Indian state of Sikkim?
When did the Khilji dynasty fall?
What is the weight of the world's first computer?
Has any Indian won an Olympic gold medal in wrestling till date (2019)?
What is the name of the largest hole created by meteor rain?
How many years was Amir Abdullah Khan Niazi in charge of martial law administrator?
When was Caliph Uthman Ibn Affan born?
What is the current (2019) price of Billboard magazine?
How many episodes does 'A Song of Ice and Fire' novel have?
Who was the Nawab of Bengal when the last Maratha invasion of Bengal took place?
How many Hindu marriage ceremonies were conducted in Bangladesh in 2018?
How long did the Noakhali riots last?
Where does India stand in rice production in the world?
How many books of poetry has Malay Roy Chowdhury written?
When is the origin of Samkhya philosophy?
Where is the headquarters of Apple Company located?
What was the total population of Bangladesh at the time of genocide in 1971?
In which year did Joseph A.Small retire from international cricket?
Who initiated the construction of Konark Sun Temple?
When was the Srirampur Mission on the banks of the Hooghly River in the state of West Bengal formed?
What is the name of the first Bengali rock band?
From which word does the name Khorasan originate?
In which year did the BlackBerry Bold smartphone first hit the Indian market?
Is there any mention of homosexuality in Hindu mythology?
Which company built the world's first passenger ship?
How many international matches has Kevin John Wright played in total?
What is the current (2019) population of Thailand?
Who was the Chief of Bangladesh Air Force in 1971?
In which year did India come under the rule of East India Company?
How many kings ruled in Idrisi dynasty?
Who or which company was the first to manufacture AC motor?
What is the establishment of the United States Army?
According to official figures, how many people were killed in the 2015 Nepal earthquake?
When was Kaliprasanna Singh, an early writer of modern Bengali literature born?
Which is the first entertainment device in the world?
How many letters are there in Urdu script?
What is the name of Sri Sri Thakur Anukul Chandra's father?
When was mathematical chemistry born?
In which year was Hareddin Barbarossa born?
Who is the current president of Jamaat-e-Islami party?
Who is the first Prime Minister of independent India?
Which is the newest state in India?
What is the total area of ​​Bankura district of West Bengal?
How long does the Shiromani Tank War last?
Which Indian telecom company was the first to offer 4G services?
At what age did Shah AMS Kibria die?
Is Astrochemistry a branch of chemistry?
When did the construction of Kolkata Metro Line 2 start?
Which is the main river of Haridwar district in the Indian state of Uttarakhand?
How many hectares of forest land is there in the Sundarbans area of ​​West Bengal?
How many children did Dr. Moniruzzaman have in his life?
When was Justice Syed Mahmud born?
What is the name of the first film starring Demetria Devon Lovato?
What species of animal is Stegosaurus?
Who invented the world's first malware?
When was the French existentialist philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre born?
Did Sharmila Tagore act in the movie Aranyer Dinrarti directed by Satyajit Ray?
Which emperor was the first to thwart the Maratha invasion of Bengal?
How many wives did Mughal Emperor Akbar have?
Where is the headquarters of the Communist Party of India?
How many sections are there in the Indian Penal Code?
What is the average temperature of Atlantic Ocean water throughout the year?
What is the name of the first book written by Muhammad Kudrat-e-Khudar?
What is sin according to Jainism?
Under whose leadership was the first military brigade "Z Force" formed during the liberation war of Bangladesh in 1971?
Which scientist was the first to discover microorganisms?
What is the name of the first president of Tatarstan?
How many people currently use Facebook in India?
In which year did Apple Inc. build the first iPhone?
When was the first film directed by Zaheer Raihan released?
What is the name of the world's largest Christian terrorist organization?
Where was the psychologist Freud born?
Who is the author of the first book on mathematical chemistry written in Bengali?
How many books are there in Chittagong University Library at present?
How many times has the England national cricket team won the ICC Cricket World Cup?
How many government health centers are there in West Bengal?
Which is the first released pop music in India?
Who was the first chairman of the charity?
How many freshwater lakes are there in America?
How many fragments of the Hebrew Bible are there?
How much did it cost to build the Al Haram Mosque?
What is the name of the director of the movie A Good Day to Die Hard?
Who was the producer of the crime film "A Clockwork Orange", released in 1971?
How many different religions live in Southeast Asia today?
What is the name of the main scripture of Jainism?
How many colleges are there in Barisal University of Bangladesh?
How many branches of mathematical chemistry are there?
Who was the Prime Minister of Tajikistan in 1992?
The current Prime Minister of Malaysia Dr. Mahathir Mohamad was a member of which political party?
When was the first film in the Specter James Bond movie series released?
From which word does the word 'Appreciation' originate?
What is the name of the first novel written by Irish author Bram Stoker?
In which year was the first Republic Day celebrated in India?
Maulana Muhammad Ali Jawahar was a journalist of which newspaper?
Mirzapur Cadet College was established on whose initiative?
How many branches of philosophy are there in total?
Has Cayman Islands national cricket team ever played the ICC Cricket World Cup?
What place did India occupy in the world in 2018 in cotton production?
When was the Destiny Group established in Bangladesh?
Where in West Bengal is waste processing done?
Which is the official currency of Venezuela?
Who is the current president of Manchester City Football Club in England?
What was the name of Jnandanandini Tagore's husband?
In which year was the Central Bureau of Investigation established?
Maulana Bhasani University of Science and Technology is named after whom?
What is the name of the first film directed by eminent film director and writer Satyajit Ray?
Whom does the LGBT community refer to?
What was J. K. Rowling's father's profession?
How many bridges are there on Hooghly river?
What percentage of the total population of India speaks Hindi till 2018?
Who was the first sultan of the Ottoman Empire?
Who was the Prime Minister of Bangladesh when Cox's Bazar Airport was built?
How many Maratha attacks have been made in Bengal?
Who was the first to translate the Mahabharata into Bengali?
Who was the director of the English film about the fictional character James Bond?
What is the total number of members of United Russia at present?
In what year did the Belarusian language become popular?
When did Bangladesh get independence?
What was the height of Sohang Swami, the Indian Yogi and Guru of Advaita Vedanta?
Background-color: # 99.7 - What color is this code used for?
When did the free-thinking philosophical vision emerge?
What is the name of the currency of the Syrian Arab monarchy?
Who was the founder of the Hoysala Empire?
Is it possible to get a free software license?
Which is the capital city of Andhra Pradesh?
Which is the largest district in the state of Tamil Nadu?
Who was the first to use the term renewal?
Where was the world's first passenger ship built?
What was the size of the Kachari kingdom in Assam?
Where was Jesus Christ born?
In which year was the American musician and lyricist Madonna born?
What is the total area of ​​Lebanon?
What was the name of the first play written by the famous English poet, playwright Edward James Ted Hughes?
What is the name of the first book written by the American novelist Dan Brown?
When did the construction of Pabna-Ishwardi railway start?
How much did it cost to make the movie Lucy?
When was popular Bangladeshi film actor Ferdous Ahmed born?
What is the total area of ​​Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh?
Till what age was Hazrat Muhammad alive?
What is the English term for saw?
Where is the headquarters of the Ministry of State Security of China?
In which month was Ivan Vasilyevich IV born?
How many novels did Satyen Sen write in total?
Where was Jnandanandini Tagore born?
Who is called the father of biology?
Who was the first to start the free software movement?
When was Fakhruddin Mubarak Shah the fourteen born?
Where is the headquarters of BBC channel located?
According to the current (2019) statistics, what percentage of the total population of Bangladesh has got British citizenship?
Exactly after how many days of intercourse does a woman become pregnant?
Who is the first superstar of independent Bangladesh?
Which is the oldest Buddhist temple in Indonesia?
Is social engineering a branch of sociology?
When was the Linux kernel operating system first built?
Where does the integrated circuit originate?
Who was the second king of the Argyad dynasty of Macedon?
Which company manufactures the centennial lamp located in California, USA?
According to the Mahabharata, how much high was the wheel of Yudhisthira's chariot above the ground?
How many kings ruled the permanent Sui Empire from 561 to 618?
What is the current total population of Kiev?
Where does Professor. Md. Golam Rahman teach?
When was the Portuguese Empire founded?
How many gold medals did Usain St. Leo Bolt win at the 2008 Olympic Games?
How many times has the Indian Constitution been amended?
Who first came up with the idea of ​​photons?
What is the name of the father of the fifth Dalai Lama Ngag-dwang-blow-bjang-rgya-mtshor of the Dge-lugs sect?
How many letters are there in the Greek alphabet?
How many cities are there in Mymensingh district?
How many government electrical engineering colleges are there in West Bengal?
Who was the first captain of Bangladesh national cricket team?
What are the various types of accident?
How many times has the South African international cricket team played in the ICC Cricket World Cup Final till 2019?
What is the name of the first Chief Minister of post-independence West Bengal?
Zakir Hossain Raju won the National Award for which film?
What is the total area of ​​the island "Timur" on the north shore of the Timur Sea and the southern tip of Southeast Asia?
What is the name of the father of Pakistani Muslim nationalist Chowdhury Rahmat Ali?
On what date did the Boyra War of 1971 end?
What is the main component of cytosol?
In which year did the first essay book by Jibanananda Das, "Kobitar Kotha" publish?
For how many years did the first dynasty of Egypt exist?
What is the name of the father of Nabi Hazrat Muhammad?
According to Islam, the word Allah is a combination of how many words?
Who was Hitler's first personal secretary?
When was the Yuan Empire founded?
What is the average depth of the Indian Ocean?
What is the total length of the Kierkegaard Bridge?
Where is the largest Shiva temple in India located?
What is the English term for the word aliṅgana (hug)?
Where was the capital of the Empire of Constantinople?
Who is the current Foreign Minister of Malaysia?
How many National Olympic Committees are there in the world?
When did the rural cottage industry of West Bengal start?
How many years ago from today (2019) did the Islamic philosophy first reveal?
Who is the author of the first short story written in Russian?
Which is the most populous city in Afghanistan?
How many indigenous tribes are there in India?
What is the total area of ​​Comilla Victoria College?
How many freshwater lakes are there in America?
Who is the inventor of the theory of evolution of human origin and development?
When was the first book written by the Swiss psychologist and philosopher Jean Piaz published?
Which is the largest city in Kadapa district?
How many gods and goddesses are mentioned in Hinduism?
Who was the director of the crime film A Clockwork Orange, released in 1971?
When was Dakshineswar Kalibari established?
Which state in India has the highest rate of sexual violence?
How many districts are there in Khulna division?
What is the total area of ​​Kamalpur?
In what year did Rabindranath Tagore visit the Patisar region of present day Bangladesh for the first time?
Who was the ruler of Afghanistan when the first Anglo-Afghan war broke out?
Who is the chief minister of the first leftist political party in West Bengal?
What is the year of demise of Sarat Chandra Chatterjee?
From which university did David Stuart Shepard study?
How many branches of theism are there?
Who is the current district governor of East Midnapore district?
According to the Hebrew Bible and the Qur'an, who was Abraham?
When was the first film directed by Danny Boyle released?
In which year did Tamalika Karmakar win the National Film Award?
What is the average percentage of women died during childbirth in India in 2018?
In which year did the Kolkata port of West Bengal come into use?
What do you call the people who believe in destiny?
How many ICC Cricket World Cups have Zimbabwe cricket team won?
When did the Big Bang occur?
In which year was David Trent Johnston born?
At what age did Gopalakrishna Gokhale join politics?
What is the total area of ​​Kurnool district?
What is the official language of Syria?
What is the name of the largest city in Dinajpur district of Bangladesh in terms of size?
What is the name of the director of the first film starring Edward John David Redmain?
In which year was WikiLeaks first launched?
What is the name of Fatema Jinnah's father?
What is the average lifespan of a cannabis plant?
What is the name of the currency of Greece?
What is the total amount of sperm in a drop of semen in a man?
What is the current (2019) number of soldiers in the Pakistan Army?
What is the meaning of the word Rozah according to Islam?
How many years ago did the pre-Cambrian period appear?
Who was the favorite novelist of English novelist David Mitchell?
Since when is electrical engineering included in engineering studies?
What is the average depth of the Caspian Sea?
According to philosophy, how many levels of dreams are there?
What is the English synonym for the word colour blindness?
Where is the current capital of Andhra Pradesh?
When was Maitreya Buddha born?
What is the birth year of English cricket star Thomas George Wass?
Who is the last king of the Khmer Empire?
At what age did Steven James Anderson start wrestling?
What is the scientific name of the Asian openbill bird?
How many days did it take to make the movie La La Land?
Which article of the constitution of Bangladesh states about the provisions of punishment for smuggling?
How many times has Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar been dismissed for zero in international Test cricket?
Which king ordered for the construction of Babri Mosque in Ayodhya?
Which is the largest river in the world created by glaciers?
How many minarets are there in the Al-Haram Mosque?
Where was Abdullah Ibn Ubayy born?
Who is the proponent of Jehovah's Witness religion?
Which page of the original Quran has the Surah Al-Furqan?
What is the total number of consonants in Bengali script?
Which is the most populous city in Comilla district?
Who is the current President of Tajikistan?
Who was the first to give an idea about 'Theology'?
How many years did Albert Einstein research on general relativity?
Where was the Royal Library of Alexandria built?
Who is the first Indian to win a gold medal in Olympic wrestling?
When did Allama Shah Ahmad Shafi become the Chairman of Bangladesh Qawmi Madrasa Education Board?
How many subdivisions are there in Bankura district?
Which rank does Bangladesh occupy in the world in 2018 for drug smuggling?
In which language was the Norse mythology first compiled?
The nucleus of the ¹H isotope of hydrogen is made up of how many protons?
Who was the director of the first film in the Specter James Bond film series?
Who designed the one hundred euro note?
Who was the director of the television series Game of Thrones?
What is the name of the last zamindar of Bengal?
What is the maximum data transfer speed of a "Wide Area Network" computer network?
Who is the current (2019) Chief Minister of Bihar, India?
What is the name of the largest cricket stadium in London?
How many stock markets are there in Bangladesh at present?
Which is the largest island in the Hawaiian Islands?
Who is the founder of Ghuri Empire?
When approximately was the Rig Veda was written?
Was Al Kharizmi a man of the Islamic Golden Age?
What amount of water is in there in a human body?
When did the First World War officially start?
How many components are there in a blood cell?
How many Test matches has the Australian international cricket team played in 2019?
Who was the first to start research work on the folk literature of Bangladesh?
What is the total size of the Baitul Hikmah Library in Baghdad, Iraq?
What is the total area of ​​Tibet?
Which is the largest city in Russia in terms of size?
What kind of Bengali word is 'gunda'?
What is the total area of the Tethys Sea?
How many books did Syed Abul Maqsood write in total?
Who first explains the motivation cycle?
What is the total area of ​​East Midnapore district?
Who was the first caliph of Islam?
What is the origin of the word orphan?
What is the name of the first book written on sexual violence in Bengali language?
Who is the current President of Nicaragua?
Goa International Airport is located in which area?
Who is the current Prime Minister of the People's Republic of China?
What is the English term for the word atheism?
What is the name of the first company in the world?
What is the current total number of students in Daulatpur Muhsin Secondary School?
When was the Prime Minister of Afghanistan Muhammad Daud Khan born?
When was the first film starring Indian actress Alia Bhatt released?
How long did the second battle of Panipat last?
Who was the first to mention the process of renewal?
Who was in charge of directing the music for the Hindi film 'Black' directed by Sanjay Leela Vonsali?
Who invented the blade?
Who was the director of the Hindi film 'Raja Hindustani' starring Aamir Khan?
When did the use of grill first start?
Which is the first glass manufacturing company in the world?
In which city was Bollywood music director RD Burman born?
When did Hossain Shaheed Suhrawardy first join politics?
On which novel was the 1921 silent film "The Sheikh" based on?
Which actor played the lead role in the comedy drama Inside Out?
Which team grabbed the top rank at the FIFA World Rankings in 2014?
In which year was Adrian Lamo born?
From which word does the word 'Whimsical' originate?
What is the name of the highest rank in the Rashidun army?
What was the capital of China in 1937?
Where was the psychiatrist Sigmund Freud born?
How long did the Battle of Ain Jalut last?
What is the total area of ​​Kashmir?
Who is the first president of independent India?
Which English letter represents the unit of pressure?
Which was the first country in the world to build an aircraft?
Who killed Janamejaya?
What is the current (2019) population of the state of Punjab?
What is the official currency of southern Mexico?
Who is the current (2019) Prime Minister of the People's Republic of Korea?
How many upazilas are there in Brahmanbaria district?
What is the name of the second oil painting in the Four Freedoms oil painting series?
When was the idea of ​​free software first published?
What is the total area of the Ellora Archaeological Site?
Presently how many villages are there in Baralekha upazila?
What is the total area of ​​Calcutta Municipality?
Who is the current president of Manchester United Football Club?
Where is the office of Indian Statistical Institute located in Hyderabad?
At what age did William Abraham Simon Oderland become a commando officer?
Which is the smallest particle of the atom?
Which actor played the role of Mahendra in the first Bengali film based on the conventional novel 'Chokher Bali'?
In which year was the ancient Churihatta Mosque established?
How many members are there in Bangladesh Union Parishad in 2019?
When was the physicist Heisenberg born?
Who is the current Prime Minister of India?
How many pages are there in the original book of the Quran, the holiest book in Islam?
When was the American astronomer Edwin Hubble born?
Who discovered the Rigveda manuscript?
What is the length of the London Bridge?
Which is the largest star in the universe?
Who was the first president of the International Olympic Committee?
From which college did Professor Rd. Yazuddin Ahmed graduate?
In which year was Australia's first international cricket team formed?
Which company used the microprocessor in the mobile for the first time?
To whom did the Shahi dynasty fall?
To which animal family does the sheep belong to?
Which is the largest city in Scotland?
What is the name of the world's first container shipbuilding company?
Who was the first to discover the HIV virus?
What is the name of the mother of Bangladeshi writer Salimullah Khan?
When was the National Socialist Party of Bangladesh founded?
Where was the capital of the Ottoman Empire?
In which year was the Hindu College established?
What should be the normal amount of glucose in the blood of an adult male?
What is the total number of students in Jahangirnagar University at present?
Where was Sharif Hussain bin Ali born?
Which country has Football as the national sports?
Is there any mention of homosexual person in Indian mythology?
In which country was the 2015 Cricket World Cup held?
Is the word 'Akhirat' an Arabic word?
How many short stories did Laila Samad write?
When did Reliance Industries establish?
What is the name of the first book written in French?
How many children does Robert Charles Jack Russell have?
According to the Mahabharata, what is the name of Yudhisthira's grandfather?
In the 17th Lok Sabha elections in 2019, how many seats did the Trinamool Congress win in West Bengal?
In which era was the matriarchal social system observed in the world?
In what year did Muhammad Ain ud-Din first join the politics of Bangladesh?
What is the synonym of the glacier?
What is the name of the Chinese legislature?
Where is the headquarters of the main and national intelligence agency Mossad?
What is the size of Manchester United football club?
Are hormones responsible for Endometrial cancer?
Is there any book written by Abu al-Qasim Muhammad Ibn 'Abdal Ibn 'Abdal Ibn 'Abdul Muttalib Ibn Hashim?
What is the Bengali term for the word software?
Where was the first secret market of India located?
For how many years was Abu Sufyan Ibn Hazrat Muawiyah the governor of Syria?
When was Jiten Shashi Patel born?
In how many languages are Wikipedia topics available?
What percentage of Bangladesh's share index reached in January 2011?
What drama group did Dwij Kanai form?
What is the name of the largest city in South Africa?
What is the name of the first poem written by Russian author Ivan Alexeyevich Bunin?
In what year was the five euro note first printed?
Which is the capital of the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa state of Pakistan?
Which is the most populous city in France?
How many parts does Evolutionary psychology have?
Who was the first king of Dighapatiya dynasty?
Who is the first captain of Indian national cricket team?
When was Christopher Marlowe born?
What is the name of the production company of Abbas Kirostami?
Which political party won exclusively in the first-ever parliamentary election in Bangladesh?
What is the total area of ​​the city of Samara?
When was Michael Madhusudan College established?
What is the year of birth of Roger Federer?
Who is the director of the movie Pirates of the Caribbean?
When was the HTTP 404 code discovered?
What is the name of the official language of China?
Which movie was Asha Parekh's directorial debut?
What is the name of the mother of the Hindu god Vithoba?
What is the name of the first vice president of Myanmar?
In which season does the plant shed its leaves?
Who was the first president of the International Cricket Council?
How many parts does the nucleus have?
What was the previous name of the city of Calcutta?
Who was the first scientist to publish about vacuum power?
How many countries participated in the 2008 World Science Fair?
Does the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Theresa Mary May have any autobiography?
When was the Kushan Empire formed?
What is the current (2019) population of Uttar Pradesh?
How long did it take to build the Apollo 6 spacecraft?
How many terminals are there in Rajiv Gandhi International Airport?
What is the total population of Santali in India at present (2019)?
What is the total area of ​​the Great Salt Lake in the northern state of Utah in the United States?
What is the name of the first book written by Salman Amin Khan?
Who is the author of Quran, the religious book of Muslims?
How many districts are there in Orissa?
How many megawatts of nuclear power has been generated in Bangladesh in 2017?
In which region was Mahamopadhyay Haraprasad Shastri born?
What does the word religion mean?
What is the name of the current transport minister of Bangladesh?
How many times has Muhammad Ali won the World Heavyweight Championship?
How many centuries has Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar scored in international cricket?
Who was the first president of independent Pakistan?
What is the total area of ​​Nadia district?
Who was the first to use special atmosphere in movies and television?
What is the name of the currency of Sri Lanka?
Is wrestling the national sport of any country?
Which country did the inventor of Quantum field theory belong to?
What is the name of the world's first malware?
What is the total number of pages in the original book of the Hebrew Bible?
What is the total area of ​​Tokyo city?
What is the name of the first film made by Vittorio de Sica?
Who was the commander of the Ayubians during the battle of Hattin?
Who is the current manager of Arsenal Football Club?
What was the average temperature in Tibet throughout the year in 2015?
According to Hinduism, is black colour considered as evil?
What are the total types of acne vulgaris or pimple?
In which year did Zhao Jiang die?
What is the total area of ​​Greater Noida?
When was the word pathogen first used?
Who was the second vice chancellor of Dhaka University?
What is the name of the first book written by American educator and political scientist Henry Kissinger?
How many districts are there in Jerusalem?
In which city of Bangladesh was Bir Shrestha Flight Lieutenant Matiur Rahman born?
Who is the current owner of Internet Movie Database?
What is the name of the largest forest in Assam?
Who won the WWE Championship in 2017?
In which book did Charles Darwin first give an idea about evolution?
Where does the word dream originate from?
Who is the current mayor of Calcutta Municipality?
Burdwan city is located on the banks of which river?
In which year did Paul Lee Harris play for the first South African national team?
What is the name of the era just before the Bronze Age?
What is the name of the currency of Bhutan?
What is the synonym for the word orphan?
How many years did Prafulla Chandra Roy live?
According to Hindu mythology, how many years elder Radha was than Krishna?
What kind of paper is used to create the ten Euro note?
When was the Arsenal training centre established?
Is leukaemia a genetic disease?
How many branches are there for Civil Engineering?
What is the first letter of the Arabic alphabet?
What is the current number of AIDS patients in India (2019)?
How many empire's capitals was Delhi?
Who led the siege of Damascus?
What is the origin of the word passport?
What is the name of the national game of Bangladesh?
Where does the word company come from?
What is the name of the upper house of the German legislature?
Where is the first specimen of Maitai language found?
When is the death anniversary of Sathya Sai Baba?
Which is the largest city in Sylhet division?
When was the National Human Rights Commission of India formed?
When was Windows Vista launched?
What is the name of the first film produced by Lina Heidi?
In which district of West Bengal is Buxa-Jayanti Hills located?
Where does the word botnet originate from?
What is the name of the father of the famous film director and writer Satyajit Ray?
How many years did Amir Abdullah Khan Niazi live?
When did the practice of poetic songs start in Bengal?
Was Syed Qutb married?
Which is the main city of Kashmir?
Who was the first to invent computer program?
Who is the producer of the movie 127 Hours?
Who was the first chairman of the Union Parishad of Bangladesh?
What is the name of the first Japanese movie in colour?
How many novels have the fiction writer Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay written?
In which continent is Oman located?
How many Maratha invasions took place in Bengal from 1745 to 1749?
Who is the last caliph of Rashidun caliphate?
What is the name of the first book written in Bengali on military science?
What is the average lifespan of a crow?
Is there any airport in Darjeeling district?
Is 'Khichuri' cooked with vegetables?
From which word does the word atheist originate?
What are the main reasons for the expansion of space metrics?
When was Jamal Nazrul Islam born?
Where did Zainul Abedin work?
How many colors are there in nature?
What is the name of the largest galaxy in the solar system?
Who is the current (2019) Chief Minister of Delhi?
How many cyclones were hit Bangladesh from 2015 to 2018?
How long did it take to build the Maratha trench?
How many branches of Hinduism are there?
Which is the last year's winning team in World Series Cricket?
Who was the first Indian to research on the history of the origin of globalization?
Which is the smallest upazila of Naogaon district?
What is the total area of ​​Shahbag area in Bangladesh?
How many Christian terrorist organizations are there in the world today?
What is the name of the smallest city in Canada in terms of size?
When was Comrade Muzaffar Ahmad born?
Where was the 2006 FIFA World Cup final held?
Who was the first caliph of Rashidun Caliphate?
Who was the first king of the second dynasty of Egypt?
How long did the battle of Badr last?
What is the name of Janamejaya's wife?
What is the height of Marcus James North?
Is Namaz prayer one of the five pillars of Islam?
What is the total population of Shaanxi Province, China?
What is the scientific name of the dinosaur?
When did Brigadier General A. N. M Nuruzzaman die?
Who is the first district president of Karimganj district?
Which is the main stock market in Bangladesh?
How long did the ancient Assyrian Empire last?
How many types of rocks are there?
Who was the first president of the Republican Party of the United States?
Which is the first microblogging website in China?
How many types of 'Samas' are there in Bengali?
What is the total area of ​​Sir Ashutosh Government College located in Boalkhali, Chittagong?
How many Ramakrishna Math are there in India?
Gopalakrishna Gokhale was born in which part of India?
How many tributaries are there of the river Ganges?
How many books did Kaliprasanna Singh write?
Who was the first ruler of Safavid dynasty of Persia?
To which animal species does the Swallowtail butterfly belong to?
Who was the first Vice Chancellor of Rajshahi University of Engineering and Technology?
Which period of Bengali literature is called the period of pessimism?
Which is the last letter of the Latin alphabet?
Which government is currently in power in Mexico?
From which word is the word emoji derived?
Who was the referee of the 2014 FIFA World Cup final?
How many cities are there in Mymensingh district?
Which are the two rivers surround the city of Chunching?
How many main genres of folk literature is there in Bangladesh?
Who was the first to use the word globalization?
How many uteruses are there in a woman's body?
Is same-sex marriage for male legal in the United States under the United States Constitution?
Who is the founder of Rashidun Khilafah?
Who was the first to talk about the principle of harm?
Who was the director of the first Bengali film based on the conventional novel 'Chokher Bali'?
Which empire originated in China after the Sui Empire?
What is play-doug made of?
What is the height of Indian model and actress Tapsi Pannu?
From which college did Amartya Sen graduate?
How long did the Indo-Pakistani naval war last in 1971?
Who is the current finance minister of China?
In which year did the Khilafah movement start?
Who is the author of the Hebrew Bible?
How many kings reign are known in the Chou dynasty?
What should be the minimum voting age in Mexico?
Who is the Vahana of the Hindu god Vithoba?
Is Sanjay Leela Bhansali married?
What is the name of the first book written by Faizunnesa Chowdhurani, the first woman Nawab of South Asia?
Which city is called the gateway to India?
When was the famous film director and writer Satyajit Ray born?
Who is the current president of Savar upazila?
How many people in Sylhet city now speak Sylhet language?
What is the name of the first film directed by Alamgir Kabir?
When was Zia Udyan built?
Who acted as the hero in the first film directed by Satyajit Ray?
How many times has Julianne Moore received the Academy Award?
The Qur'an, the holiest book in Islam, is translated into how many languages?
What is the national game of People's Republic of China?
What is the current (2019) population of Mecca, Saudi Arabia?
What is the name of the second book written by the British economist John Maynard Keynes?
What is the current population of La village?
Is feminism and capitalism currently in vogue in Arabia?
In which year did Baron Harris die?
Wha are the coordinates of Kurigram Government College?
Who was the producer of the movie Jesus in 1971?
In which part of Bengal was the famous Sufi saint Shah Makhdum Ruposh born?
When was the first meeting for the war of independence of Bangladesh held?
What is the current total population of Armenia?
Does science believe in fate?
Who designed the ten Euro note?
When was the first to use the self-modifying codes in the computer science?
The first book written by Indian writer R. K. Narayan was published by which publishing house?
From which word does the word transport originate?
When was malware software first created?
When was Comilla Government City College established?
What is the official language of Maldives?
At what age did Rabindranath Tagore first come to Santiniketan?
Who is the Vahana of Lord Krishna?
What is the synonym for the word archaeology?
Who was the first Deputy Prime Minister of independent India?
In which country was the first fourth generation telecommunication technology introduced?
When was Ahsan Manzil built?
When was the first open-source mobile operating system Android launched?
Did Iron age have a patriarchal social system?
In terms of number, on which did 2019 International Kolkata Book Fair stand?
What is the name of Yamraj's mother?
In which film did Bidhu Binod Chopra first act?
How long did the Second Muslim Civil War last?
How many British Council Education Centers are there in the world today?
Who is the current Home Minister of Bangladesh?
How many Lok Sabha seats are there in Jharkhand at present?
Which is the first published book on biology by Alfred Russell Wallace?
From which college did Park Gunn O study?
How long did King Sitaram Roy rule Bengal?
How many power plants are there in Bangladesh?
What is the name of the current (2019) Chief Minister of Manipur?
Is there any shipbuilding company in India?
What is the total size of Santa Cruz?
When was the first Ottoman caliph Selim the first, born?
How many Bangladeshi soldiers died in the war of independence of Bangladesh in 1971?
What is the name of the first film starring Ashok Kumar Gangopadhyay?
Who is the author of the original Hebrew Bible?
How many children did Shaheed Dhirendranath Dutta have?
How many wives did Emperor James I have?
What is the current total population of Afghanistan?
When was the Royal Library of Alexandria built?
Dr. Arun Kumar Basak graduated from which college?
Which is the first play starring Ilyas Kanchan?
What is the name of the first teen fiction written by Stephanie Meyer?
How many branches of psychology are there?
What was the main reason for the war of Jalalabad?
What is the name of the last book written by Abu Musa Jabir Ibn Hayyan?
In what year was the Qin Empire founded?
What is the name of the last Ottoman Sultan?
What is the name of the first book written by Edward Taylor?
Where was Albert Einstein born?
Who is the current (2019) owner of Pixar Animation Studios?
When did the Bengal region consisting of the Indian state of West Bengal and Bangladesh split from India?
What is the name of the latest published book of Abdul Mannan Syed?
What was the name of the first film directed by English actor, producer, and director Albert Finney Jr.?
When did the introduction of Assamese language first start?
What percentage of people in Kerala, India presently speak Malayalam?
How many chapters are there in the holy book of Islam, Quran?
How many incarnations did the lord Narayan have?
What was the name of the first novel written by the English novelist David Mitchell?
What is the total area of ​​Belur Math?
What is the height of Konark Sun Temple?
How many years did Argyad dynasty rule in Macedonia?
What is the profession of Tamim Iqbal Khan's father?
How many names of Allah are there according to Islam?
In what year was the last municipal election held in Santahar municipality, a local government body in Rajshahi division of Bangladesh?
When was the West Indies national cricket team formed?
Where is the capital of Burkina Faso?
What is the name of the first basic literary epic written in Bengali language?
How many books did Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru write in English?
What is the total area of ​​Wazir Khan Mosque?
Which actor starred opposite to Anushka Sharma in her first film?
When was the first movie starring American actor Christopher Michael released?
Who was the first emperor of the Qing Dynasty?
What is the name of the first novel written by Bangladeshi writer Abdush Shakur?
How often is the general election held in Australia?
What is the current number of employees of Calcutta Tramways Company Limited?
What is the name of Chaitanya Mahaprabhu's Purbashram?
When was Emperor James I born?
When was Darwin, the explainer of the theory of evolution, born?
Who is the current transport minister of Assam?
When did modern superhero movies start?
How many members are there in the National Socialist Party of Bangladesh at present?
What was the name of the first film starring English actor, producer, and director Albert Finney Jr.?
How many countries participated in the First World War?
How many Afghan soldiers died during the First Anglo-Afghan War?
When did one-day cricket matches start?
In which year was the University of South Carolina founded?
What is the first letter of the Arabic alphabet?
According to the old Bible, what is the name of Hagar's mother?
Where was Friedrich Max Muller born?
What is the name of the current (2019) President of Ukraine?
In what year was Pixar Animation Studio founded?
The history of human civilization is divided into how many parts?
What is the name of the second film starring Bangladeshi actress Purnima?
Exactly how long does it take to understand if a foetus has died?
In which part of Bangladesh was Bir Shrestha Flight Lieutenant Matiur Rahman born?
Which is the largest city in Golaghat district of Assam?
What is the name of the first part of speech of Bengali grammar?
What is the total number of novels written by Jahanara Imam?
How many genres are there in the drama?
How many years did the Jin Empire of China rule in total?
Which year did Maulana Abdul Hamid Khan Bhasani die?
From which word does the Bengali word 'khichuri' derive?
What is the total number of literates in Hisar district of Haryana till 2018?
What is the total area of ​​Mahasthangarh?
What is the name of the first published lyrical drama of Biswakabi Rabindranath Tagore?
How many years did Pandit Ravi Shankar live?
Who was the first to talk about cosmic string?
What is the name of the world's first mobile operating system?
In which year did David Trent Johnston become the first captain of the Irish national cricket team?
How many government universities in India teach engineering?
How many novels did Begum Sufia Kamal write?
What is the total population of India at present (2019)?
Who is the current Chief Minister of Manipur, India?
Has Chittagong ever been under the reign of Dharmapala?
When did the use of the Dark Net first begin?
How many languages ​​are in circulation in India till 2018?
Why is Christmas celebrated on December 25?
What is the state language of the People's Republic of Laos?
What is the name of the first book written on theology?
Who was the last emperor of the Byzantine Empire?
Against which team did Johnny Briggs played the last international match of his life?
What is the rate of heart disease in India?
What was Amitabh Bachchan's profession in the Hindi movie 'Pink'?
Who is the present editor of the news daily Ananda bazar Patrika?
In terms of size, which is the largest city in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu?
What is the total area of ​​Sonagachi brothel in Kolkata?
Who founded the Marylebone Cricket Club?
What is the current population of Great Britain?
When was ROM or read-only memory first created?
Which country ranks first in the world in agricultural production?
Is the use of digital currency common in India?
In terms of the total number of Prime Ministers of Syria, where does the present Prime Minister stand?
Who is the father of the Hindu God Vishnu?
When was the Walt Disney Pictures Company formed?
When does the Iranian calendar begin?
Is the feeling of happiness a relative feeling?
According to the traditional Hindu religion, when does the Rash Yatra begin?
What is the name of the mint in Bangladesh?
What is the current population of Massachusetts?
How long did the Bihari persecution in Bangladesh last?
Burdwan district is divided into how many regions?
What is the total area of ​​the Arabian Peninsula?
How many books of poetry written by Begum Sufia Kamal are there?
What was the total cost involved in making the movie Before I Wake?
Which country hosted the 2018 Winter Olympics?
Since which year Laksam area is considered as an upazila?
What is the name of the first book written by Muhammad Ali Jinnah?
Who was the first headmistress of Bhagini Nivedita Girls School?
Who was the first to provide the concept of ​​an omniscient God?
Who is the first president of Panama?
How many upazilas are there in Naogaon district?
In what year was the US Constitution first enacted?
Where does the word sexual violence originate from?
How many government medical colleges are there in Khulna division at present?
What is the size of the football club Barcelona?
What is the name of the first Prime Minister of Ukraine?
Which was the first country to introduce the entertainment industry?
What percentage of seats are currently reserved for women in the civil service examinations in India?
What is the atomic mass of Zinc?
When did Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar compose the first part of "Varna Parichay"?
What is the name of the largest city in West Bengal in terms of size?
Under whose leadership the UN peacekeeping mission started?
Which country witnessed the first meteor shower?
How much does it cost to build the Nabanno building of the Government of West Bengal?
Who is the current President of South Africa?
How many branches of mechanical engineering are there?
Who is the first Prime Minister of Burkina Faso?
Who discovered the archaeological site of Mahasthangarh?
How many books have been written by Akbar Ali Khan?
Who was the first Prime Minister of Syria?
What is the current population of Chungxing city?
Where in Bangladesh was the sculpture representing the Bangladesh war of independence made?
How many colleges are there under the American University?
What is the name of the first magazine published in Japanese language?
Who is the current captain of Bangladesh International Cricket Team?
Which year witnessed the highest number of cyber-linked crimes in the banking sector?
What was the name of Varun Dhawan's character in the Hindi movie titled Sui Dhaga: Made in India?
Which was the first book to refer about cosmic string?
What is the mother tongue of the Chinese Muslims?
What is the total area of ​​the city of Jerusalem?
What was the name of the wife of Shaykh Ahmad Ismail Hasan Yasin?
Who are the habitats of Bamiyan Valley?
How many tigers are there in Alipore Zoo in Kolkata at present?
Who was the first researcher to start the Sci-Hub project?
When was the Welfare capitalism created?
In which country was the conspiracy theory first implemented?
What is the mother tongue of the people living in the Sinai Peninsula?
How many colours are used in the Australian national flag?
What was the first published short story published by Isaac Asimov?
In which year did Satyendranath Basu die?
Since which year has the black market been declared illegal in India?
What is the name of the Hindi film based on the biography of Indian cricketer Mahendra Singh Dhoni?
From which word does the word psychology derive?
What is the name of the current (2019) Chief Minister of the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh?
Who is called the father of Indian nationalism?
Is yellow a kind of basic color?
Which is the highest mountain in Ladakh?
Which is the headquarters of Bandarban district?
What is the name of Joseph Conrad's mother?
When was Jonathan "John" Good born?
What is the year of birth of Bengali writer, editor and social worker Mohammad Lutfar Rahman?
In which year did George Nathaniel Francis retire from international cricket?
When was the Republican Party of the United States founded?
What is the name of the first novel written by Bengali novelist Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay?
Where is the largest prostitute area in Asia located?
How many members were there to form Bangladesh's first Union Parishad?
When was the first book of poetry written by the famous English poet, playwright Edward James Ted Hughes published?
How many numbers were there in the first Internet Protocol address or Internet Protocol?
In which country was the world's first ship built?
What was the name of the first operating system used in computers?
Who was the designer of the fifty euro note?
Who is the current president of North Korea?
How many kings ruled in the Jordanian dynasty?
Is the province smaller than the district in size?
Which is the largest district of Uttar Pradesh in terms of area?
Which Indian place is the largest producer of Peas?
In which year did Sheikh Mujibur Rahman become the first President of Bangladesh?
What is the synonym of the word crystal?
What is the name of the first mobile operating system?
What is the total population of Nabinagar Upazila according to the 2018 census?
What is the current employee strength in China's Ministry of State Security?
What is the main language of the state of Chhattisgarh?
According to the Puranas, by whom was Manasa cursed in the previous birth?
What is the distance between Uranus and Titania?
How many books have been written by Bangladeshi intellectual Sirajuddin Hossain?
Where did the feminist sexual war first begin?
How many basic colours are there in nature?
In which year did Australian cricketer Martin Francis Kent take retirement from Test cricket?
In which year was the antidote for hepatitis B discovered?
Are there multiple methods of collecting rainwater?
In which year was Bigg Boss 8 broadcast?
Is India now a completely polio free country?
How many forests are there in India?
How many films has Alamgir Kabir directed?
What is the national animal of Bangladesh?
With which political party was Ed. Khan Tipu Sultan associated?
In which year the fossil of the Ceratopsian dinosaur discovered?
What is the distance between the center of the galaxy and the solar system?
In which year was the Australian cyber organization formed?
Who was the first to introduce the term photosynthesis?
Who is the current Vice Chancellor of Premier University of Chittagong?
Where is the headquarters of the International Cricket Council?
How many countries participated in the 2019 FIFA Cricket World Cup?
How many compartments are there in the heart of a fish?
What is the total area of ​​Mecca in Saudi Arabia?
In which year did Sri Sri Thakur Anukul Chandra introduce Satsanga?
Which are the two teams played the final match of the 2010 FIFA World Cup?
For how many years did Sachin Tendulkar remain captain of the Indian cricket team?
Based on the shapes, how many types of bacterias are there?
What type of a Bengali Word is 'kushti'?
In which book is the word Jannat first used?
Which government was in power in Bangladesh during the Chittagong Hill Tracts conflict?
What is the official name of Madurai Airport?
How many years did Sohang Swami live?
Who was the most popular author of Pathuriaghata Tagore House?
What is the height of Australian international cricketer John Dyson?
When was the book Babarnama written?
What is the 'byasbakya' of Samas in the Bengali language?
Which Political party was the English philosopher John Stuart Mill a member of?
What is the average lifespan of a radish tree?
How many trains are currently running on Howrah-Delhi main railway line?
When was the GNU project established?
What is the name of the father of Syrian President Hafez al-Assad?
On what date was the 2011 biographical American film "J. Edgar" released?
Who was the second king of Ghaznavi dynasty?
When was the South African national cricket team established?
In which government department did John Stuart Mill work?
What was the first Hindi film of the actor Madhavan?
What is the name of the second longest mountain range in the world?
What is the existing number of Belarusian-speaking people?
Where does the word Linux derive from?
How many books have been written by Abdus Sattar Khan?
Who was the Prime Minister of India during the Kargil War or the Kargil Conflict in 1999?
What was the name of Prafulla Chaki's father?
What was the name of Humayun Kabir's wife?
Where was the world's first center for Islamic culture established?
What is the current population of Indonesia?
Who was Thin Sin's rival in the presidential election?
What is the current population of Hawaiian Islands?
What is the current population of Gorkha people?
From which word does the word sovereign originate?
Which part of the world is the largest producer of Lavender?
Who was the highest run scorer in World Series Cricket in 1986?
When was the first book written by Noam Chomsky published?
What was the name of the first novel written by the American novelist Herman Melville?
Which country won the Second World War?
When did the famous Chinese philosopher and thinker Confucius die?
Who was the district president of Nadia district in 2017?
How many cities formed in the colonial region called Bengal Presidency?
In which year did John Christopher Boulderstone retire from international cricket?
Till what age was the Umayyad Caliph Abdul Malik Ibn Marwan alive?
Who designed the RMS Titanic?
When was the hepatitis C virus first identified?
How long does the free software movement last?
In which year was the first Russian film made in Russian language released in Russia?
What is the maximum speed of cyclone Komen in the air?
How many valence electrons are there?
Who was the first person in the world to start research in medical science?
In which part of the United States is the Independence Hall is located?
What was the geographical area of ​​prehistoric Asia?
Is Nepal a sovereign country?
Where is the capital of Delhi Sultanate?
Who inaugurated the International Kolkata Book Fair in 2019?
How many letters are there in Assamese language?
Who was the first to oppose the theory of evolution of human origin and development?
Who is the wife of Indra, the king of Hindu gods?
Where was the first satellite radio technology developed?
When was the Sui Empire founded?
What is the minimum age for men to join the military?
In which year did Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar write Barnaparichay?
Does Yamraj have any kids?
How many pyramids are there in Egypt of all sizes?
Has the South African national cricket team ever won the ICC Cricket World Cup?
How many cyclones have been created in the Timor sea untill 2018?
Who was the last emperor of the Qin Empire?
Where was the capital of northern Yemen?
Who was the first captain of Bangladesh national cricket team?
What percentage of women in India are currently lesbians?
Was welfare capitalism aimed at the welfare of the workers?
From which month do the kids start having a stomach ache?
When was the organization called Al Qaeda formed?
What is the area of ​​Ladakh region of the state of Jammu and Kashmir?
When was the first book written by Bangladeshi painter, sculptor, writer and professor Rashid Hossain Chowdhury published?
Which is the highest mountain in Bangladesh?
Where is the embassy of Bangladesh located in Russia?
Approximately what percentage of people in Japan are atheists now?
From which word did the word Islam originate?
What is the name of the currency of Berlin?
What is the name of the oldest mosque in Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh?
From which word does the word motivation originate?
What is the name of the first president of Myanmar?
Which is the largest city in Bihar?
How many groups are there in human blood?
In which Indian state is the largest producers of cannabis?
Who was the Prime Minister of Sri Lanka during the Sri Lankan Civil War?
Which is the official language of India?
Which is the capital of North Korea?
What is the total area of ​​Goa?
Who is the current district president of Narayanganj district?
What is Aam Aadmi Party leader Anna Hazare's father's name?
When did Talha Ibn Ubaidullah convert to Islam?
Homo erectus is a species of which family?
At what age did Shamsul Haque enter politics?
What is the size of Vatican City?
What is the name of the first novel written by Isaac Asimov?
Which is the largest terminal lake in the world?
In which year according to the English calendar did the Great Bengal famine take place?
What is the length of the Kirkbron Bridge?
Is there a district judge in every district's judiciary of Bangladesh?
How long did the Sena dynasty's reign?
What was the total area of ​​the Bengal region consisting of Bangladesh and the Indian state of West Bengal?
Who was the first creator of Wikipedia?
According to Christianity, what is sin?
In which country was the first swine flu outbreak happened?
How much US$ was spent to make Apollo 8?
How many types of fertilization are there?
When was the famous psychologist Sigmund Freud born?
What is the name of the first president of Somalia?
In which year did Abdus Sattar Khan graduate?
Who is the current (2019) principal of Rajbari Government College located in Rajbari city of Bangladesh?
What is the name of the father of Ottoman military officer Anwar Pasha or Ismail Anwar Pasha?
Who is the first headmaster of Motijheel Government Boys High School in Dhaka?
What is the unit of measurement of space metric expansion?
How many runs did the Australian cricket team score against Bangladesh in the first ICC Cricket World Cup?
What is the current population of Cairo, Egypt?
In which city was the final match of Cricket World Cup 2015 held?
When was the Maithon Dam built?
Which side won the Arab-Byzantine War?
What is the name of the first president of Israel?
From which word does the word Renaissance originate?
Who wrote the play Birangana: Women of War?
By which part of the brain is the human consciousness guided?
Which is the main city of North 24 Parganas district?
What is the total area of ​​Laksam upazila in Comilla district of Chittagong division of Bangladesh?
Is there any mention of homosexuality in Hindu mythology?
How many years did Ramakrishna Paramahamsa live?
In what year did Hussein bin Ali declare himself as the King of Mecca?
What is the name of the first film starring Bangladeshi actor, model, teacher and singer Chanchal Chowdhury?
What is the synonym of the word stimulus?
What is the name of the first book written by French comics editor and author Ron Gossini?
In which city is the headquarters of Swedish Academy of Sciences located?
When did Don Bradman first retire from the Australian national cricket team?
When was the world's first humanoid robot created?
Which is the oldest temple in the state of Gujarat?
What was the lowest winter temperature on the continent of Antarctica in 2018?
Which television show was first presented by Simon Dring?
Which is the most populous country in South Asia?
At what age did Usha Uthup record her first song for a film?
When did the Ottoman military officer Anwar Pasha or Ismail Anwar Pasha die?
At what age did Justin Pierre James Trudeau become Prime Minister of Canada?
What time is considered as the Hedian age?
How many villages are there in Tanore upazila?
Who is the current (2019) principal of Jahangirnagar University?
What was the name of the first Urdu poem written by Amir Ahmad Minai?
Is dowry forbidden in Islam?
In which year did the Indian government set up the National Rural Health Mission?
Who was the first king of Afghanistan?
What is the total area of ​​Lake Nicaragua?
When was Zubair Ibn al-Awwam, a Companion of the Messenger of Islam, born?
Who invented the first software in the world?
When was the term Year of the Elephant first used?
How many letters are there in Thai language?
Which company made the first computer based on quantum computing?
Where in the world child marriages are still prevalent?
From which college did Walter Alvarez get his graduation degree?
Who became the Emir of Arabia after Umar bin Abdullah bin Marwan?
What is a scholar of Hadith called?
Which is the first book of poetry written by Ashraf Siddiqui?
Who was Muhammad Ali's first trainer?
How many years did the famous American nuclear physicist Edward Taylor live?
Where is the world's first computer now (2019) conserved?
Where does the word demon originate from?
How long did it take to make the movie called 127 Hours?
Which is the largest district of Assam?
How many songs are composed by Rajinikanta Sen?
What is the name of the producer of the movie Mother?
What is the name of the first manned spacecraft of the Apollo space program in the United States?
In which year was the coronation of Chandragupta II took place?
When was the Communist Party of China founded?
In which year did Bangladesh national cricket team participate in the first Cricket World Cup?
What is the formula for determining the area of ​​a circle in geometry?
How many districts are there in the Telangana State?
What is the current population of Burkina Faso?
Was there any abortion-rights movement in India?
What is the name of the highest mountain peak in People's Republic of China?
How many days does it take for a Common hill myna egg to hatch?
What is the total area of ​​Raghunath Temple in North India?
In which Indian city is the Indian Bengali film actor Dev born?
When was Sister Nivedita Girls School established?
How many empire's capital was Delhi?
In which year did Wilfred Rhodes retire from international cricket?
What is the name of the central character in the novel Cloud Atlas?
Does the diode have its own resistance?
Generally, women between what age are able to conceive?
Currently how many advertising agencies Shakib Khan is associated within Bangladesh?
When was the first paper factory established in Bangladesh?
What is the current (2019) age of Arsenal Training Center?
How long did the Arab-Byzantine War last?
How many names does Goddess Durga have?
Since when has high speed packet access technology been used?
Where does the word purple originate from?
Who is the current CEO of United Airways Limited?
Who is the current Chief Minister of Andhra Pradesh?
Are chemical fertilizers made with different types of chemicals?
What is the height of Sylvester Stallone?
What was the name of the first song composed by Paul Frederick Simon?
When was DNA first discovered?
In which country was the word botnet first used?
How many types of bikinis are there?
What is the general age for girls to start Menstruation?
When did Raghuji Bhonsle first become a Maratha leader?
How many provinces are there in Canada?
How many runs did Paul Lee Harris score in international cricket?
Which scientist was the first to give an idea about atoms?
Was Malay Roy a contemporary poet of the Hungry Movement?
How many international cricket matches did Alan Melville play?
How many species of elephants are there in the world?
How many cinematographers were there in the silent film "The Sheikh" made in 1921?
What is the birth year of Bir Shrestha Flight Lieutenant Matiur Rahman?
What is the name of the largest city in Tripura in terms of size?
When was the first play written by Shambhu Mitra, a legendary personality of Bengali and Indian drama world, published?
What is the name of the first science fiction book written in Bengali language?
What is the total area of ​​Mizoram?
After Faisal bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud, who became the King of Saudi Arabia?
How old is Prince Harry now?
When did the Qing Dynasty fall?
How many characters are mentioned in the Bengali novel "Devyan" written by Bibhutibhushan Bandyopadhyay?
What is the opposite of the word deception?
In how many languages was Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar proficient?
Who was the first principal of Khulna Public College?
How many branches of philosophy are there?
When was Krishnananda Agambagish born?
How many years of Independence Day was celebrated in India on 15th August 2018?
What is the name of the first book written in Bengali by Satyendranath Basu?
Who is the Vahana of Ganesha according to Hinduism?
Which term of Bengal's Chief Minister was Jyoti Basu serving?
Which is the largest district in the state of Punjab?
Who is the pioneer of Jainism?
Where did sister Nivedita die?
What was the total population of the Armenian neighborhood in the old city of Jerusalem in 2010?
How many versions of Ubuntu have been published till March 2019?
What is the scientific name of green peacock or Burmese peacock?
What is the minimum age for boys to get married to avoid criminal offence?
When was Dakar Government Laboratory High School established?
How many colleges are there under Rajshahi University of Engineering and Technology?
Who is the current coach of the South African national cricket team?
When was the word company came into usage?
Who was the first president of the Communist Party of Bangladesh?
Where does the word schizophrenia originate from?
How many towns are there in North 24 Parganas district of West Bengal?
When did the socialist movement in the Indian subcontinent begin?
How many runs did John Thomas Johnny Tildsley make in his first Test match?
What is the total area of ​​Las Vegas?
What is the name of Lalit Kumar Modi's wife?
How many philosophers in India believe in destiny?
In which year did George Washington resign as the President of the United States?
Where is the birthplace of Indian nationalist leader Subhash Chandra Bose located?
Which is the latest Hindi film starring Amitabh Bachchan in 2018?
What are the various types of weather?
What is the current population of Himachal Pradesh?
What is the name of the father of anti-British freedom fighter Pritilata Waddedar?
When was Jamal Pasha or Ahmed Jamal born?
When was the first telecommunication network launched in India?
Which is the hardest metal in physics?
How many parts are there in the original Hebrew Bible book?
Which computer scientist invented the database?
Who is the wife of Upendrakishore Roy Chowdhury?
What was the name of the first wife of Argentine dictator Juan Peron?
According to Hinduism how many gods and goddesses are there?
Where does the word atheism come from?
Which is the first novel written by popular Bangladeshi fiction writer Kazi Anwar Hossain?
How many years did Zubair Ibn Awwam live?
What is the total area of ​​Jessore district?
Is Homosexuality Legal in America?
When was Bangladeshi professor and writer Mayukh Chowdhury born?
What is the total area of ​​Chicago City?
Who is the first captain of West Indies national cricket team?
Who is the present owner of Roychowdhury & Company?
What is the name of the mother of journalist Harishchandra Mukherjee?
How many atheist philosophies are there in India?
What is the birth year of famous space researcher Abdus Sattar Khan?
How many types of corpuscles are there in blood?
What is the height of Masjid Al Haram?
Who was the leader of the safe road movement of 2018?
How many Muslims can pray together in Al-Haram Mosque?
Which award did Niels Bohr receive for his discovery of the "Bohr Model" or Rutherford-Bohr model?
What is the average lifespan of a black rhino?
Does Islamic language mean the Religious language of Islam?
In which year was Jatindranath Mukherjee born?
What is the official language of the Syrian Arab monarchy?
In which language do the people of the indigenous community Arawakara speak?
Which is the first word written in Egyptian script?
When is Samuel Frederick Smith's birthday?
Where is the folk singer Parikshit Bala born?
Who was the Prime Minister of Iran in 1980?
When was the movie 'Nayak' directed by Satyajit Ray released?
What is the scientific name of vitamin C?
At present what percentage of quota is allocated for the disabled people of Bangladesh?
What is Preity Zinta's favorite game?
What type of Bengali word is 'Kadar'?
When was the management information system launched?
How many districts are there under Chittagong division?
Who is the current president of United Russia?
From which word does the word fetus originate?
What is the total number of vowels in Bengali script?
What was the name of the alliance other than the triple alliance during the First World War?
In which year was Abbas Hilmi Bay II born?
What is the total area of ​​Al-Azhar Mosque?
Which is the highest peak of Kashmir?
What is the name of Melania Trump's mother?
When was the condom first invented?
At what age did Alexander invade India?
How many soldiers were killed in the Battle of the Trench?
What is the current (2019) population of the state of Jerusalem?
How many colleges are there under the National University of Science and Technology of Pakistan?
What is the name of the largest district in the Indian state of Maharashtra?
In which Afghan city did the Afghan Civil War begin?
Does geology belong to archeology?
How many communities of Muslims are there?
Who is the current captain of the Australian Test cricket team?
What is the height of Leonardo Wilhelm DiCaprio?
What do we call the pillows used in sofa or chair?
In what year did the Russian language first originate?
What is the total area of ​​La village?
Where is Yale University located?
What was the height of Herbert Sutcliffe?
Who is the first Prime Minister of Canada?
When did the chemical industry develop in India?
What is the name of the second Ottoman caliph?
When was the graphical user interface created?
Who was the first president of the Constituent Assembly of Bangladesh?
In which year was Salman Al Farisi born?
In how many parts were the Feminist sexual warfare divided into?
How many novels have Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay written?
How many years did Ramchandra Chatterjee live?
Where does the word renewal come from?
What is the present age of Anupam Kher?
Who is called the father of Hindu nationalism?
Which economic system did Karl Marx believe in?
Who was the first spiritual guru of India?
Which is the official currency of Uganda?
What is the length of the film Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End?
What was the name of the first film directed by Robert De Niro Jr.?
Who is the current head of the military in Bangladesh?
Who was the first to suggest space metric expansion?
How many tributaries of the does Brahmaputra river have?
Who founded the Sanskrit College in North Kolkata?
Where does the word globalization originate from?
Who was the first Abbasid caliph?
What is the name of the first book written by Mahamopadhyay Harprasad Shastri?
What was the profession of Upendranath Das's father?
Who is the current (2019) principal of Dhaka Medical College?
When was Taslima Nasrin's book "nasta meyera nasta gadya" published?
What is the official language of Jerusalem?
How much water was wasted in India alone in 2017?
What type of Bengali word is rape?
What is the name of the holy scripture of Jains?
How long is it going to take to complete work of the Panama Metro?
Who is the father of accounting?
What is the name of the latest film directed by Ritwik Ghatak?
How much did it cost to build Gurgaon Metro?
When was the Durant Express train first launched?
Which animal species does Stegosaurus belong to?
Which handed bowler was Arthur Fielder?
How long did the 2007 World Science Fair last?
What is the official language of Bangladesh?
When was Thai Airways International Public Company Limited established?
Who was the President of Croatia before Kolinda Grabar-Kitarovic?
What is the average life expectancy of a Black kite?
How many districts are there in China?
What is the English term for the word aliṅgana (hug)?
Ajmal Khan was associated with which political party?
What is the name of the oldest religion in India?
How long did the war of independence of Bangladesh last?
ABM Musa was the first journalist to work in which newspaper?
How many gold medals did Usain St. Leo Bolt win at the 2008 Olympics?
How many times has there been a total economic downturn in India since 1990?
What is the name of the second film starring Suyash 'Chunky' Pandey?
What is the name of Iskander Mudar's father?
Who is the current president of Iran?
Where was the Ramakrishna Mission first established?
What is the height of the Statue of Liberty in New York?
What is the total number of global cities in the world?
From which year was the issue of intellectual property introduced in India?
Where is the world's first robot conserved now?
What was the weight of the world's first discovered computer?
When was the Hoysala Empire founded?
When did the abortion-rights movement begin?
Where is the headquarters of the Free Software Foundation located?
What is the current number of permanent professors in Dhaka University?
When was the word covalent bond first introduced?
Which team won the ICC Champions Trophy in the first year?
At what age did Muhammad marry Aisha?
When was the Soccer City Stadium in Johannesburg, South Africa built?
What is the name of the currency of Albania?
From which college did Akhtar Hamid Khan study?
What is the official language of Jerusalem?
Which is the largest city of Sylhet division in terms of size?
In how many regions can West Bengal be divided?
What is the total run scored by John Dyson in international matches?
Who is the vice-chancellor of West Bengal University of Technology?
What is the total area of ​​Khorasan region?
When did the use of pillars first start?
Which character did Cameron Michelle Diaz play in the first film of her life?
Is social engineering a branch of sociology?
How often do the new versions of Ubuntu releases?
What is the name of the first film starring American actor Robin Williams?
Was Mohammad Khorshed Alam a martyred for the country?
What is the name of Devika Rani Chowdhury's mother?
Who is the current supreme ruler of North Korea?
How many universities in India teach International Relations Theory?
When was Shatabdi Express first launched?
Which is the largest state in India?
Which region of the world has the largest number of black rhinos?
Which of the four Asian tigers is the largest in terms of size?
What is the name of the upper house of the Russian legislature?
How long did it take to make the movie Die Hard 4 Lane?
When was the Karal civilization discovered?
What is the size of ​​the Gulf of California?
Do Muslims celebrate Lailatul Qadr?
What is the position of Sodium in the periodic table?
Who founded the city of Ahmednagar?
What is the national flower of France?
How many countries directly participated in the First World War?
When was the Government Laboratory High School in Dhaka established?
What is the synonym for the word verse?
Is the word nikah an Islamic term?
From which university did Sir Roger Penrose study?
From which word does the word marriage originate?
What is the source of origin for the word rupee?
When was the famous writer Syed Ali Ahsan born in Bangladesh?
What is the current position of India in the world in cannabis cultivation?
Which is the smallest district in the state of Andhra Pradesh?
Where is the origin of the word region?
What is the name of the largest district in the state of Tripura in terms of size?
In what year did Trevor Leslie Goddard make his South African Test cricket debut?
Which is the main city of West Midnapore district in West Bengal?
What was the previous name of Mohun Bagan Athletic Club?
When did the Swedish Academy of Sciences first award the Nobel Prize in Chemistry?
Who was the producer of the Bangladeshi film 'Beder meye Jotsna'?
What is the total cost in dollars for making the movie La La Land?
Which is the largest religion in the world according to the number of followers in 2018?
Who was the first king of the Chakma people in the Chittagong Hill Tracts of Bangladesh?
As of 2018, how many megawatts of wind power has been generated in South Australia?
Who won the battle when Maratha attacked Bengal?
Currently (2019) what is the total population of Antarctica during the winters?
Which was the first film directed by Ridley Scott?
Where was the first Egyptian inscription written on?
What is the average depth of Bipasha river?
Which country was Alex Garland a citizen of?
The first film starring Devika Rani Chowdhury was in which language?
What kind of Bengali word is kind?
Has any vaccine for hepatitis C been discovered?
What is the atomic mass of polonium?
What is the current population of Navadwip in Nadia district?
What is the name of the father of Rasipuram Krishnaswamy Lakshman?
What is the name of the first play written by Deenbandhu Mitra?
Where is the world's first paper factory established?
How many Afghan soldiers died in the Third Anglo-Afghan War?
What is the name of the first book written by Wing Commander Hamidullah Khan?
Which is the main city of Ludhiana district in the state of Punjab?
When was the Sri Lankan national cricket team established?
What are the types of computer programs are there?
When did the Hungry Movement start in Bengali literature?
According to Hindu mythology who is the brother of Lord Krishna?
What is the name of the first series of Harry Potter series?
Which team won the final of the 2003 Cricket World Cup?
What is the name of the first short story written by Bengali novelist Bibhutibhushan Bandopadhyay?
Who was the last king of Shahi dynasty?
Which of the four Asian tigers is the smallest country in terms of size?
What is the current population of Tibet?
Who was the Prime Minister of Bangladesh when the Central Shaheed Minar was built?
Which year did the English cricketer Arthur Fielder pass away?
Who is the current district governor of Meherpur district?
When was Andrew Scott Waugh born?
How many national highways are there in India?
Who established the District Shilpakala Academy of Bangladesh?
What is the average lifespan of a bee?
When was the first bikini made?
Who is the author of the Hindu epic Mahabharata?
Which country does professional wrestler Brock Lesnar belong to?
What is the name of the first book written by Indian writer R. K. Narayan?
Who is the current (2019) Secretary General of the Communist Party of India?
When was the Adobe Photoshop software developed?
How long did the Santal Rebellion last?
From which word does the word intellectual property originate?
What is the total area of ​​Dhaka University?
Which government is currently in power in Tibet?
What is the name of the first film directed by Azizur Rahman?
What is the average number of people who commit suicide every day in India?
When was the Chinese philosophy incepted?
What is the name of Mario Cotier's first song album?
What is the name of the first translated book written by Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar?
Based on which incident the series 'India's Daughter' made?
What is the size of the Aksar Mosque?
What is the name of the wife of Principal Abdul Hamid?
Which is the first translation book written by Syed Ali Ahsan?
Who is the current Governor of Madhya Pradesh?
Does men's heart rate increase during masturbation?
What is the name of the first episode of the fifth season of The Big Bang Theory?
Who is the current (2019) district president of Kochbihar district?
What is the date of death of Khalil Ibrahim Al-Wazir?
How long did the war of independence of Bangladesh last continuously?
At what age did Abdur Rahman Khan become the Amir of Afghanistan?
What was the nickname of Paul Andrew Nixon?
What is the distance of the earth from the dwarf planet called Haumeiya?
Which region of India receives maximum rainfall throughout the year?
What is the name of the first film made by Vittorio de Sica?
Who is the current Chief Minister of Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan?
What is the name of the father of Dost Muhammad Khan, the founder of the Barakzai dynasty of Afghanistan?
What is the name of Salauddin Quader Chowdhury's wife?
Does Khulna Public College come under any University?
Does Yamraj have any children?
What is the English term for poonjibad (capitalism)?
What is the height of Dutch footballer Robin von Percy?
Which company made the first wallpaper?
Why did Vishnu take female incarnation?
How much did it cost to build the Channel Tunnel subway tunnel?
Which country was defeated in the battle of Karameh?
Who won the Sino-Nepalese war from 1788 to 1792?
Who was the ruler of Mysore state before to Tipu Sultan?
How many women gave birth in the United States in 2018 through an operation?
What is the name of Vandana Shiva's father?
Who is the current mayor of Kamarhati municipality?
What was the nickname of Australian cricketer Don Bradman?
How many types of vitamins are there?
Who was the referee of the 2014 FIFA World Cup semi-final match?
What is the average lifespan of a black swan?
What is the official currency of Israel?
In which year did Jason Neil Gillespie retire from the Australian national cricket team?
What is the total population of Sylhet division of Bangladesh at present?
What is the name of the largest state in India in terms of size?
What is the total area of ​​Vaidyanatha Jyotirlinga temple?
In which year did Barack Obama become President of the United States?
Where was the first Durga Puja performed?
For how many years did Michel Foucault head the history department of the College de France?
In how many areas the management information system is divided?
Sher Ali Khan was a child of which dynasty?
How many books did Syed Abul Maqsood write?
When was Dwarkanath Gangopadhyay, a notable person of Bengal renaissance born?
What is the name of the first book of poetry written by Spanish poet Federico Garcia Lorca?
What type of word is kindness?
What is the height of Paul Lee Harris?
Which is the first play written by William Shakespeare?
What is the name of the first book written by Dr. Kudrat-e-Khuda?
Who was the first headmaster of Naogaon district school?
How many football stadiums are there in Manchester, England?
What is the name of the last surah of the Muslim religious book Quran?
When was the popular Bangladeshi musician Aditi Mohsin born?
What was the name of the first film made by American actress Brie Larson?
Where is the original manuscript of the Quran preserved?
What is the length of Pir Panjal Range in the southwest?
In which country was the world's first romantic comedy film made?
What is the name of the first film directed by Rahul Dholakia?
Who is the current (2019) owner of Airplane Jelly?
What is the year of birth of Abu Hamid Muhammad Ibn Muhammad Al-Ghazzali?
When was the book Logic Investigation written?
How many countries participated in the 2016 ICC Twenty20 Cricket World Cup?
How many languages is Asiya Bibi is proficient in?
Where is the headquarters of Sonali Bank Limited?
What is the total area of ​​the Timur Sea?
What is the name of the capital of the United Arab Emirates?
Who was the first President of Independent India?
What was the total number of men in Andhra Pradesh according to the 2011 census?
What is the number of audience seats in Manchester City Football Club in England?
How much did it cost to build the Central Shaheed Minar?
What is the name of the first science fiction film?
How many airports are there in Andhra Pradesh?
How many drugs are exported from Bangladesh?
At present how many active Rohingya rebel groups are there in the northern Rakhine state of Myanmar?
Which hormone is helpful in women reproduction?
Which country is famous for its glass production?
What is the name of the main scripture of Jehovah's Witness religion?
In which year did Herbert Sutcliffe retire from international cricket?
What is the name of the world's first album of black metal songs?
In which Indian state does drought occur almost every year?
Who wrote the poem Bhagna hr̥idaya?
Who was the first to sign the Treaty of Peaceful Liberation of Tibet?
What is the total area of ​​Howrah district?
Which is the largest domestic airport in Nepal?
Approximately how many compatriots participated in the non-cooperation movement?
What is the weight of an adult human brain?
When was South African cricketer Paul Lee Harris born?
How many types of power plants are there?
Which team ranked first in 2010 according to FIFA World Rankings?
Is Falafel available in India?
What is the synonym for the word maternal health?
What is the current (2019) population of Katwa subdivision of West Bengal?
Which animal family does Millipede belong to?
What is the percentage of fetal deaths of pregnant women in India?
Where is the headquarters of BlackBerry Telecommunication Company?
Where was the 2014 FIFA World Cup Final held?
What is the coordinate of Mahasthangarh?
In which year was the one hundred euro note designed?
In which year did the Linux operating system first come into use in India?
What is the official language of the United Arab Emirates?
How many child artists acted in the Bengali film "Apur Sansar" directed by Satyajit Ray?
What is the average lifespan of shrimp?
Which country has the highest number of drug addicts in the world?
Which book mentions the word 'mukhannasun' for the first time?
Who is the current (2019) President of Myanmar?
What is the name of the largest city in the United States in terms of size?
In which year did Abul Paki's Zainul-Abedin Abdul Kalam get Bharat Ratna award?
In which year did the current US Secretary of Defense first visit Delhi?
What is the name of the current president of Somalia?
What was the profession of Mohammad Mosaddeq's father?
What is the name of the world's first album of black metal songs?
Who is the current Chief Minister of Orissa?
How many Bengali movies starring Shakib Khan were released in India in 2018?
What was the height of Wing Commander Hamidullah Khan?
Which family does peas plan belong to?
Which is the oldest Indian philosophy?
On whose initiative was Hamudur Rahman Commission formed?
At what age did Shoaib Akhtar get the opportunity to play in the first Pakistani national team?
What is the total number of books written by Rokeya Sakhawat Hossain?
Why did a group of officers of Bangladesh Army kill Ziaur Rahman?
How many member states does the United States have?
In which country was the world's first ship built?
What is the total number of Marma people living in the world today?
What is the local language of Kashmir?
What is the name of the first film made by Vittorio de Sikar?
Which country has the highest heart disease rate in the world?
In which was the first country to teach aviation archaeology?
What was the annual income of Flipkart in 2018?
When was the world's first personal computer built?
Which is the largest district in the state of Uttar Pradesh?
Is fertilizer available in both liquid and solid forms?
What is the current population of Russia?
What is the name of the world's first robot?
How many versions of the Windows 7 operating system are there?
What was the name of the first film produced by Jessica Chastain?
Which period of Bengali literature is identified as the period of pessimism?
What is the maximum number of runs scored by England cricketer Michael John Knight Smith in a Test match?
Since which year is Laksam area considered as an upazila?
How many people died in the 2004 tsunami off the coast of Sumatra?
When was the draft constitution of Bangladesh made?
How many Persian soldiers died in the Russo-Persian War?
How many empires ruled India from 1206 to 1526 AD?
Which region of Orissa is famous for Chhau dance?
In Islam, how many words are combined to make the word "Allah"?
What is the current (2019) population of Bangladesh?
Which is the oldest branch of Mangalkavya genre?
Who was the first and second king of the Chakma people in the Chittagong Hill Tracts of Bangladesh?
What is the official language of Palestine?
What is the total area of ​​the city of Tisfun?
Who is the director of the movie The Mermaid?
What is the total area of ​​Patna city?
Who wrote the Bible?
Is the world's first personal computer still preserved today?
In which year did Rabindranath Tagore relinquish the title of Knight?
Is there any existence of Malay tribe today (2019)?
When was the first book written by Bangladeshi intellectual Sirajuddin Hossain published?
Is same-sex marriage legal in the United States under the United States Constitution?
What is the name of the oldest civilization in the Middle East world?
What is the name of the official language of ancient Egyptian civilization?
What type of boat is used for Canoe sprint or 'Nouka baich'?
Which is the most populous city in Birbhum district?
What is the number of ruku on the first surah of Quran?
What is the current (2019) staff of Chittagong District Shilpakala Academy?
What is the name of Joseph Conrad's mother?
In how many languages was Napoleon Bonaparte proficient?
Who plays the lead role in the movie "Shunte ki Pao"?
When was the book A Passage to India first published?
What is the current (2019) population of Saudi Arabia?
Who was the producer of the first film starring Devika Rani Chowdhury?
How many types of blanks are there?
How many books written by Jamal Nazrul Islam?
How many types of insurance are there?
In which Indian state was Srinivas Ramanujan was born?
What is the name of the oldest Upanishads?
When was the Mexican national football team formed?
What is the name of the first book written on sexual violence in Bengali language?
What was the total number of congregations in Bangladesh until 2017?
What is the official currency of Malaysia?
What is the name of the first translated book by Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar?
Which was the first country to introduce steak, a slice of fried meat cut with bones?
In which year did India get the status of a sovereign country?
Who was the Prime Minister of Bangladesh when Cox's Bazar Airport was built?
How much did it cost to make the US action superhero movie "Thor"?
What is the name of the first novel written by Bibhutibhushan Bandyopadhyay?
What is the name of the highest mountain in Assam?
In which country is the city of Pittsburgh located?
Where are the manuscripts of the Muslim religious book Quran now preserved?
What is the total area of ​​Sher-e-Bangla National Cricket Stadium?
What was the total weight of the world's first computer?
What is the name of the largest living thing on Earth?
When did Chaitanyadev, the preacher of Vaishnavism in Bengal, take sannyasa?
When did Sister Nivedita, an Anglo-Irish descent, become a disciple of Vivekananda?
How many types of domes are there in total?
According to Islam how many types of Rozah are there?
From which college did Dr. Shahidul Alam study?
What is the name of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad's father?
Which is the largest city in North 24 Parganas district of West Bengal?
Who was the referee of the final match of 2017 FIFA U-16 Football World Cup?
Which Indian fort was first attacked by the British East India Company during the First Anglo-Afghan War?
Who is the current Sabhadhipati of Bankura district?
What is the name of the main religious text of Persian religion?
What is the name of the first novel written in Sylheti language?
Which book does this sentence belong to: Shabe Qadr Arbite Lailatul Qadr?
What is the name of the grandfather of George Alexander Lewis?
How many years did the Seljuk Empire last?
When was the first time the word homosexuality used?
Which is the largest city in Godavari district of Andhra Pradesh?
What is the maximum number of eggs that a tortoise can lay together?
How many consonants are there in Bengali alphabet?
Who is the current headmaster of Moulvibazar Government High School?
How many books are written by Akhtar Hamid Khan?
What is the current population of the city of Samara?
How many types of resistors are there?
Who is the last emperor of the Sia Empire?
Who invented the world's first computer?
Who was the pioneer of moderate movement in India's independence movement?
Which is the largest metropolitan city in Bangladesh?
How many countries are there in the Arabian Peninsula?
What is the origin of the word dream?
When was the theory of global warming first published?
In which year did Matiur Rahman Nizami first join politics?
What is the name of the largest city of Aceh Sultanate in terms of size?
What rank does Bangladesh occupy in the world in jute production in 2018?
Who is the founder of welfare capitalism?
How many major parts are there in a female's reproductive system?
What is the maximum number of eggs that a pigeon can lay together?
Where is the headquarters of the Islamic Unity Alliance?
What is the average depth of the Black Sea?
Jamal Abdel Nasser was a member of which political party?
Who was the second president of the Supreme Ulema Council?
In which year did John Neil Shepherd make his international debut?
Which symbol is approved by the Election Commission of India as a symbol of the Aam Aadmi Party?
What is the meaning of the word religion?
Where did the abortion-rights movement start?
Generally, how many types of rivers are there?
In which year did Suharto, a prominent Indonesian politician, die?
How many types of races are there in West Bengal?
How many ruku's are there in the first surah of Quran, the religious book of Muslims?
What is the name of the book written by Adolf Hitler?
What is the total area of ​​Cox's Bazar Airport?
Where was Ops (B) headquartered?
Who is the founder of WWE network?
When was the first anti-indigo movement started in India?
What is the name of the first film starring Yendaya Murray Stoermar Choleman?
What is the current population of Syria?
What is the Arabic word for marriage?
Which place in the inventor of plum cakes?
What is the total area of ​​Bankura district?
What is the name of the world's first software?
How many types of individual deciduous forests are found in the earth?
Who designed the national flag of Pakistan?
Which was the first Bengali music to be composed on birthday?
What is the name of the first woman Prime Minister of India?
Who is the current (2019) Chief Minister of Punjab?
How many types of Indian philosophy are there?
How many cities are there in East Midnapore district of West Bengal?
How many degrees Fahrenheit temperature is needed to make hard fried food?
What is the name of the first book written on psychology?
Which time is marked as the Dark Ages?
In which country was the first desk-like furniture made?
Is there any mention of third gender in the Hindu mythology?
Is the region smaller than the district in size?
Who built the Earth Day flag?
In what year was the jet stream first identified?
Who is the current district governor of Alipurduar district?
Who was the district president of Latur district in 2015?
When did Ramesh Sheel start singing Kavigan for the first time?
Is Belgaum Airport an International Airport?
In what year was the "Cadet College" run by the military established?
Which team won the toss in the 2018 Asia Cup Final Cricket Match?
What is the name of the last emperor of the Sunga Empire?
How long is the Jaffa road in Israel?
Who is the main leader of the "Dumbledore's Army" student organization in the Harry Potter series?
Which is the largest galaxy in the universe?
How many main entrances are there in the Taj Mahal?
How many films has actress Shabnur acted in with Bangladeshi actor Salman Shah?
Shahidul Alam Sachchu of Bangladesh started his acting career by acting in which television drama?
When was the Lucknow Metro first launched?
What is the current population of the Sinai Peninsula?
Who is the current railway minister of Bangladesh?
How long did the 1971 war of independence of Bangladesh last?
What is the name of Yashodaben Narendra Modi's mother?
Where is the largest Shiva temple in India located?
Where was the 2014 FIFA World Cup held?
What is the height of popular Bangladeshi film actor Ferdous Ahmed?
Who is the author of the first short story written in Russian?
Who is the first female textile designer in India?
When did the Maurya Empire fall?
Which subject includes the moral issue of suicide?
Who provides the copyright?
Which is the latest version of Linux operating system?
How many manuscripts of Quran have been discovered?
What is the name of Sadika Parveen Poppy's second film?
Which is the headquarters of East Burdwan district in the Indian state of West Bengal?
What is the name of the first article written by Rokeya Sakhawat Hossain?
In what year did Jnandanandini Tagore die?
What is the official currency of Nepal?
In which American city is the American Film Institute located?
In which year did George Herbert Fender play his first international cricket match?
Where did the use of digital currency first begin?
What was the main dress of the men living in the Indus Valley Civilization?
Which day is celebrated as AIDS Day?
When was the National Human Rights Commission of Bangladesh formed?
When was the Argiad dynasty founded?
When was Ruparam Chakraborty, one of the poets of Dharmamangal, born?
Where is the district headquarters of South 24 Parganas located?
What is the height of US professional wrestler Colby Lopez?
Who was the President of Afghanistan during the Afghan Civil War?
When was the Peruvian national football team founded?
Who is the current Prime Minister of Ukraine?
Who is the founder of Kriya Yoga?
How much did Muhammad Ali weigh?
Who was the first person to travel to space in India?
What is the current staff of Turkish Airlines?
Who wrote the first basic drama in Bengali literature?
According to Hindu mythology, what is the name of the first demon?
Who is the first author of Islamic jurisprudence?
How many international Test matches has Pakistani right-arm fast bowler Shoaib Akhtar played?
In how many languages was the first book on cosmic strings published?
At what age did Tania Ahmed act in her first film?
Who was the first to invent bikini?
Which place in the world did India occupy in date production in 2018?
How many branches of mathematics are there?
What is the name of the father of Vedic sage Yajnavalkya?
In how many areas the management information system is divided?
Where was the novelist Ahmed Shafa born in Bangladesh?
How many branches does Microsoft Corporation have in India?
How long did it take to build the Rabindra Bridge?
According to Chinese folklore, whose son was the emperor Jade?
At what age did Harishchandra Mukherjee get married?
How many branches of sociology are there?
How many capitals were there in the Timurid Empire?
How many passengers did Kuala Lumpur International Airport carry in 2018?
Which is the largest district in Bangladesh in terms of size?
When was the first version of Ubuntu released?
Who was the Prime Minister of Bangladesh when the Sher-e-Bangla National Cricket Stadium was built?
In what year did Humayun Ahmed receive the first Bangla Academy Literary Award?
Which country was the first to use rotor machine?
Till which year did the Greater Bengal exist?
When was the movie The Godfather released?
How many Hindi serial channels are there under Zee at present?
What do we call the people who do not believe in the existence of God?
What is the name of the father of Abu Raihan Al Biruni?
In which primary school did the scientist Albert Einstein start his education?
In what year did Ed. Khan Tipu Sultan join the politics of Bangladesh?
Which Indian economist won the first Nobel Prize?
In which era was the matriarchal social system introduced in the world?
Who was the director of the first film starring Indian actor Imran Khan?
How many islands are there in the Mediterranean?
When was the conspiracy theory first discovered?
What is the name of the pre-Cenozoic epoch?
In what year was Dhaka University established?
How many basic states of matter are there?
When was the US network launched in the United States?
What was the total cost in US$ to make the Apollo 8 spacecraft?
In what year was the Feni Government College of Bangladesh established?
What is the name of the first Windows server?
Who was the founder of the Empire of Constantinople?
Who invented the string theory?
In which state was the first government school of India located?
What is the total area of ​​Narayanganj district?
According to Islam, which day is meant by Shabe Qadr?
Where is the world's largest Buddha statue currently located?
At what age did Mia Khalifa join the pornography film industry?
In what year was Sharmila Bose's controversial book "Dead Reckoning" about the history of Bangladesh's war of independence published?
What is the name of the first book written by Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose?
Who is the author of the book on evolution?
Where is the source of the river Dakatiya?
What do Vaishnava devotees call Radha?
How many universities in India teach art theory?
Who is the current President of the People's Republic of Korea?
When did Sir Roger Penrose become Professor of Mathematics at Oxford University?
What is the name of Prafulla Chandra Roy's father?
Who was the last king of Jordan dynasty?
Can Bit Coins be Invested in the Dark Web?
Which is the largest district of Assam?
What is the total area of ​​Al-Haram Mosque?
When did the feminist sexual war first begin?
From which word does the word pathogen originate?
How long did the Indigo revolt last in Bengal?
According to the Bible, how old was Sarah when Sarah gave Hagar to Abraham?
Whose signature is on the "five hundred euro" note, the highest denomination of Euro banknotes?
What is the atomic mass of methanol or methyl alcohol?
In which year did the British East India Company build the port of Calcutta?
When was Golden Temple, located in Amritsar, Punjab, built?
What is the total area of ​​Bagbazar?
What was the name of Prince Dwarkanath Tagore's mother?
Who is the current Prime Minister of Russia?
Where was Muhammad Zahir Shah born in Afghanistan?
In which year was the condensation state of matter first discovered?
Which district of West Bengal is famous for its Baul songs?
Which country has cricket as their national sport?
What is the molecular mass of carbon?
What is the name of the largest country in South Asia?
What was the total number of Christians in India till 2018?
What is the name of the currency of Saudi Arabia?
Where was sage Bishwamitra born?
From which word does the word destiny originate?
What is the Bengali term for the word software?
What is the name of the airport in Bhutan?
What is the official language of modern Myanmar?
How many days are considered as 'Pitripokkho' in Hinduism?
How many years did Shah Jahan rule as Mughal emperor?
What is the duration of the movie Lucy?
How many forms of matter are there?
Who was the founder of Al Saud dynasty?
Which nation does the Jewish nation belong to?
What is the name of the currency of Turkey?
When did the mystic literature develop?
What is the name of the third president of the United States?
Who was the founder of the Tibetan Tsangpa dynasty?
When was the Chittagong Cantonment Public College established?
Who was the director of the Orion project?
Who is the painter of Grand Theft Auto 4?
How many metropolitan cities are there in India?
Where did the idea of ​​data compression method come from?
How many years was the President of Bangladesh Ziaur Rahman appointed as President?
Which company built the world's first aircraft?
What is the name of the first novel written by Rabindranath Tagore?
What is the scientific name of Bengal Tiger or Royal Bengal Tiger?
In which year was the attacking submarine PNS Ghazi built?
At what age did Nutan Samarth Bahl start acting in films?
What is the name of the first feminist literature written in Bengali language?
Who is the first captain of West Indian national cricket team?
Where is the capital of Ghana?
In which year was the Shanghai Maglev Train launched?
In which year was the latest story written by Thomas Mann published?
Where is the shortest railway in India located?
Where does the word violence come from?
In which city was Arundhati Roy born?
What was the number of tourists arriving in Cambodia in 2018?
What is the average depth of Bipasha river?
What type of Bengali word is kind?
Is global health care a separate system for each country?
What percentage of people in Myanmar currently speak the official language of Myanmar?
In which region guerrilla training was conducted during the Naval Sector Operation Jackpot during the War of Independence of Bangladesh?
What was the average height of the dinosaurs?
Who was the first emperor of the Portuguese Empire?
Who was the producer of the Tamil film '24'?
What is the total number of films starring Sadika Parveen Poppy till 2018?
What is the name of the opposite philosophy of atheism?
Where is the origin of the word Shabe Meraj?
When was Queen Victoria born?
When was the anti-British independence movement Pritilata Waddedar born?
What is the size of Hesen state?
Who is the current President of Southern Mexico?
What is the current number of unemployed in India?
Is the chair a Physical quantity?
Which term of President of Bangladesh was Ziaur Rahman serving?
Where is the headquarters of the Indian Space Research Organization?
In which country was the first 5th generation wireless system introduced?
Who is Vladimir Vladimirovich Putin's favourite author?
How many wards does the South City Corporation of Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh, consist of?
What is Bangladesh's rank in the world in paper production in 2018?
When was the German mathematician, astronomer and astrologer Johannes Kepler born?
What is the name of the first novel written by Isaac Asimov?
What is the current (2019) population of the Soviet Union?
What is the average lifespan of a frog?
Who is the first poet of modern Bengali poetry?
What is the depth of Zamzam well?
What is the current population of Khulna division?
How much US dollar did it cost to make A Good Day to Die Hard?
When was the first Russian language film made?
Who wrote the world's first feminist literature?
Where was William Abraham Simon Oderland born?
Which is the first film made in the Japanese film industry?
Who owns E Inc. Corporation?
How long did it take to build the Rabindra Bridge?
Who was the first head of the Dge-Lugas sect?
Which is the capital of the state of Madhya Pradesh?
When was Goa International Airport built?
What is the founding year of football club Barcelona?
What is the name of the first book written by Henry Beveridge on the history of India?
What is the name of the first film directed by Sanjay Leela Bhansali?
In which city was Michel Foucault born?
Who was the last king of the Jason dynasty?
Where is the capital of the state of West Virginia?
Who is the first president of Cricket Ireland?
How many 'Rasas' are mentioned in Indian rhetoric?
Which year is considered as the age of classical music?
Is the UN peacekeeping mission still going on today?
What is the ideal atomic mass of hydrogen gas?
Who first identified uterine cancer?
Australian cricketer Richard Richie Beno was an left or right handed batsman?
What is the molecular mass of glucose?
Which country in the world has the highest number of rapes per day?
At what age did Queen Victoria become the Queen of the United Kingdom and the British Empire?
When did the non-cooperation movement start under the leadership of Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi or Mahatma Gandhi?
Who was the first coach of England cricket team?
How many children does Bangladesh Police Officer Habibur Rahman have?
What is the average height of an adult Royal Bengal Tiger?
Which district of West Bengal is famous for its Baul songs?
Which wrestler won the first match of the Survivor Series of Professional Wrestling?
What is the total area of ​​Lauyachhara National Park in Bangladesh?
What is the name of the largest passenger ship in the world?
How many tributaries are there in Hooghly river?
Whose life is the film J. Edgar based on?
When was quantum field theory discovered?
Who was the first time champion of ICC Champions Trophy?
In what year did UNESCO recognize Bengali as the sweetest language in the world?
What is the name of the first book of poetry written by Modern Bengali poet Dr. Kamal Chowdhury?
How many public libraries are there in West Bengal at present?
Who is the district president of North 24 Parganas district of West Bengal?
When was the Avondale Agricultural Research Center established?
What is the name of the first book written on evolution?
Who is the current president of Rajshahi city?
At what age did Allama Mushahid Ahmad Bayampuri die?
What is the name of the age before the pre-Cambrian era?
In which year did Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar write Barnaparichay?
What is the current (2019) population of Tripura?
What is the name of the first airline in the world?
Who was the Chief of Naval Staff of Bangladesh during the Naval Sector Operation Jackpot during the War of Independence of Bangladesh?
How many types of homosexuality are there?
What is the total fee Shakib Khan charge for each movie?
Who provided the Wikipedia name?
How many years did Abdur Rahman Khan live?
When was Christopher Henry "Chris" Gayle born?
Who is the last sultan of Ghuri empire?
In what year did Charles Darwin first give the idea of ​​evolution?
From which word does the word habit originate?
From which publication was the epic High Fantasy novel first published?
At what age did Jean Piaget begin his career as a biologist?
What is the main function of management information system?
From which university did Mohammad Sirajuddin Kasimpuri study?
What is the name of the smallest district in the state of Tripura in terms of size?
What was the name of the first film directed by Stephen Ellenhall?
Who was the first person in charge of the British government's foreign intelligence service?
Where is the headquarters of the Indian Air Force?
What is the monthly income of Lalit Kumar Modi?
Where was the first SummerSlam held?
Which country was the first to officially recognize English as its mother tongue?
What is the name of the currency of Brunei?
What was the name of the first film directed by Soviet director Sergei Eisenstein?
Who is called the proponent of feminism?
What is the wavelength of radiation in terahertz band?
From which word does the word joke originate?
Who is the current Governor of Tamil Nadu?
What is the current (2019) population of Makkah?
When was the Wi-Fi Alliance established?
When did the Mumbai-Ahmedabad high-speed rail system start?
Which animal species does Black cobra belong to?
What is the name of George R. R.Martin's first novel?
Which is the longest river in North America?
What is the total area of ​​Iraq?
How many airports are there in Andhra Pradesh?
What percentage of third gender people are in India till 2018?
Which is the largest city in the Arabian Peninsula?
How many people were martyred in the Bengali language movement?
Who is the current president of Ghana?
What is the current (2019) number of Facebook subscribers?
How many chambers are there in the legislature of the Soviet Union?
Who was the second Sultan of Aceh Sultanate?
What is the current population of Birbhum district?
From which word does the word rape originate?
In what duration is the US Vice President elected?
How many species of black cobra are there?
How many global cities are there in India?
What is the current (2019) population of Maldives?
How many districts are there in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu?
Which is the last novel written by Jyoti Prakash Dutt?
How many students were there in the first Feni Government College of Bangladesh?
What is the height of the parliament building in Dhaka city?
What is Gamet is made of?
Which religion did Edward Taylor belong to?
In what year was Pervez Mehdi Qureshi born?
Who is the founder of the ancient Assyrian Empire?
How many people worldwide die of black death or black plague?
After the Ottoman Empire, which empire ruled Turkey?
Which was the last Hindi film starring Indian actor Rajesh Khanna?
When was the Indo-European language begin?
When was the first play written by Deenbandhu Mitra published?
Who was the first governor of Jakarta?
How many members are there in the Human Rights Commission of Bangladesh at present?
Who designed the twenty euro note?
What is the total weight of the floating attacking submarine PNS Ghazi?
What was the former name of the state of Karnataka?
How many years ago did the Paleozoic epoch take place?
What is the length of Karatoya river?
In which year was the Internet Movie Database first launched?
How many types of Search are done in computer science?
Where in the world is sapphire produced the most?
Who won the Russo-Persian war?
What is the working capacity of a frog battery?
Which state is the largest producer of poppy seeds in India?
When did the word ecosystem first appear?
Where is the capital of Korea?
What is the name of the first film directed by Bengali film director Raj Chakraborty?
When did people first discover the Kites?
How many sixes did Shakib Al-Hasan hit in ODIs against Zimbabwe in August 2006?
What is the name of the first play written by Mustafizur Rahman?
Does the lungs of mammals consist of epithelial layers?
When was the American silent drama Mother of America first released?
Which is the main city of Mathura district?
In what year was the first book on psychology published?
In which year did Raj Chakraborty marry Shubhshree?
When was State Route 538 build in Washington?
What is the main attraction of Machu Picchu city?
Where did the premiere of 'Last Stories' take place?
Where was the capital of Chagatai Khanate?
What is the name of the first book written by Hindu philosopher Maitreyi?
Which is the main city of Haridwar district in the Indian state of Uttarakhand?
Where was the capital of the Jin dynasty of China?
When was Saud bin Abdul Aziz Al born?
What is the name of the oldest civilization in India?
Who is the author of the highest scripture of Hinduism, Veda?
When was Linux or GNU / Linux created?
What is the current number of permanent professors in Dhaka University?
How many children did Napoleon Bonaparte have?
The Aviator - How much did this American drama film cost?
Phanerozoic epoch is divided into how many epochs?
What is the rate of plastic pollution in India?
What are the names of 35 Surahs of Quran?
Who invented the television, a major mean of entertainment?
When was the Muhammad Ali dynasty of Egypt founded?
Who was the founder of the eighteenth dynasty of ancient Egypt?
How many children did the Mughal emperor Aurangzeb have?
What is the name of the most popular book of the Maya people?
What is the current total number of employees of China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited?
In which country was Wi-Fi first introduced?
How many species of tigers are there in the world?
What is the name of the first book of poetry written by Kazi Nazrul Islam?
Which country produces the most saffron?
What is the height of Raghunath Temple in North India?
What is the name of the main scripture of Persian religion?
What is the current (2019) number of students of Azizul Haque College?
How many years did Sohang Swami live?
Does Charbak philosophy believe in the hereafter?
From which word does the word dedication originate?
What is the name of the second part of the movie Bahubali: The Beginning?
What is the name of the company that made the world's first toothbrush?
What is the name of the first Grammy Award album?
How many types of surfaces are there in geometry?
How much did it cost to build Goa International Airport?
How many total Rabindra Sangeet did Debabrata Biswas record?
What is the synonym of the word dream?
What is the current (2019) population of Guntur district?
What is the name of the world's first video game maker?
Whose son is Indra, the king of Hindu gods?
Which is the main festival of Venezuela?
From which word does the word God originate?
Where does the word fossil come from?
When did the iPad 2 release?
How many people died in the attack on Pearl Harbor?
What is the total area of ​​Prakasham district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh?
Who is the founder of the Communist Party of India?
Who is the current Foreign Minister of Pakistan?
Where did the first feminist movement begin?
How many upazilas are there in Dinajpur district of Bangladesh at present?
Where was the original residence of the Afridi people?
Who first detected the hepatitis B virus?
How many districts are there in Jharkhand?
Which country won the FIFA World Cup semi-final on July 8, 2014?
How many dynasties have ruled Tibet till 1642 AD?
What is the name of the first novel written by the narrator Humayun Ahmed?
Where is the capital of Qatar?
Is casteism or racial differences present in Muslim religion?
What are the main parts of the human sensory organ ear?
What was the name of the first film starring Indian actress Alia Bhatt?
At what age did Australian cricketer Don Bradman retire from Test cricket?
How many Muslims live in Jerusalem today?
What is the name of the largest city in Great Britain in terms of size?
How many layers are there for human dreams?
South African cricketer Paul Lee Harris was a left or right handed batsman?
What are those called who believe in destiny?
Who is the current president of Palestine?
When was the port of Calcutta built?
How many types of marriages are mentioned in Hinduism?
Since when is Martyred Intellectuals Day celebrated in Bangladesh?
Which is the latest version of Windows Phone?
Who was the first to discover the fossils of the armored dinosaurs of the group Stegosaurus?
What is the total population of Bihar at present (2019)?
Who was the first emperor of Constantinople?
Which country is the world's largest producer of glass?
What is the molecular mass of sulfur trioxide?
Who directed the movie Sherlock Holmes which was released in 2009?
What is the name of Bengali script?
Kazi Aref Ahmed died while giving a speech in which public meeting?
Who is the current President of Indonesia (2019)?
What is the height of the Sun Temple in Gujarat?
In what year did Anwar Pasha or Ismail Anwar Pasha die?
When was the first book written by physicist Mohammad Ataul Karim published?
Who is the current Chancellor of Visva-Bharati University?
Which country ranked first in the world in meat production in 2018?
Who was the producer of the movie Jesus in 1971?
Who made the world's first parachute?
Can whooping cough cause a person to die?
When was the evolutionary theory of human origin and development first published?
What is the total length of Barak river?
How many soldiers formed the Presidency Army in India?
What is the total area of ​​the northern Rakhine state of Myanmar?
Who was the President of Syria in 2017?
What is the name of the most popular author of the Maya people?
How many emperors ruled the Sia Empire in ancient China?
Who is the district president of Purulia district in 2019?
When was Beijing University established?
Does organic pigment mean the pigment of any organic matter?
Which Indian economist won the first Nobel Prize?
What was the name of the first book written by the British economist John Maynard Keynes?
When was the government railway transport company of Bangladesh established?
Which was the first Bengali film to be made about sexual attraction?
When was Delta Airlines founded?
What is the name of the first novel published by Isaac Asimov?
Does the city of Ephesus still exist?
What is the date of death of A. N. M Nuruzzaman?
What is the name of the first novel written by poet, writer and essayist Ratanatanu Ghosh?
What kind of English word is the word Bismaya (wonder)?
What is the name of the first book of poetry written by the famous writer Syed Ali Ahsan?
Who is the father of modern science?
What is the name of Laila bint Al-Minhal's father?
How many chemical industries are there in India?
When was the BlackBerry Telecommunication Company founded?
Who is the current President of Kenya?
Which is the first book to mention the contribution of women in history?
What is the name of the company that currently builds the world's largest passenger ship?
What is the boiling point of water?
What is the sum of the three angles of a triangle in geometry?
What is the pseudonym of the character Sagara Sanasuke created by Nabuhiru Watsuki?
What is the official language of Portland?
How many government colleges in India teach civil engineering?
Where is the headquarters of the charity called Women's Welfare?
Who was the Prime Minister of Israel during the Arab-Israeli War?
How many languages ​​belong to the Indo-Aryan ethnic group?
In what year was the first 4G internet service launched in Kolkata?
Did Robert John Downey Jr. also direct the film?
What is the size of the continent of Antarctica?
How many types of crystals are there in total?
Is there any mention of demons in Islamic fulfillment?
Who is the current Chairman of Indian Institute of Technology or Indian Institute of Technology, Kanpur?
How many branches of linguistics are there in total?
When did Captain Dr. Lakshmi Sehgal, a prominent gynecologist from Singapore, first come to India?
Geological Era From which word did the word "Jurassic" come?
In what year was emoji first used in India?
Is India a major summer country?
Which has Latin as their official language?
What is the total population of Bamiyan Valley at present (2019)?
Who is the current Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu?
According to the rules of football, what should be the total area of ​​the football field?
Who is the current head coach of Zanzibar national women's football team?
What is the average depth of the Black Sea?
Who was the first general of Gtsang-pa dynasty?
Is polycystic ovary syndrome occur due to genetic cause?
What is the name of the current Chief Minister of Karnataka?
What is the name of the largest district in the Indian state of Maharashtra?
In which office did the English philosopher John Stuart Mill first work?
What is the current total population of Bankura district?
Amartya Sen graduated from which college with a degree in Economics?
What is the current total population of the Marma population?
What is the total duration of the anime movie "Your Name"?
Where does the word 'saw' come from?
When was the first film starring Indian actor Dilip Kumar released?
How many times is the word Quran mentioned in the verses of Quran?
Who is the last king of Gtsang-pa dynasty?
What is the total type of meteorology?
What was the main reason for the war in Mogadishu?
At what age did Bindusara, the son of Maurya emperor Chandragupta Maurya, ascend the throne of the Maurya Empire?
Kalim Sharafi was associated with which political party in Bangladesh?
Who is the current (2019) Foreign Minister of Pakistan?
What are the total types of modern random access memory?
In which year Devika Rani Chowdhury become a widow?
In which city did Syed Nurul Hasan breathe his last?
Who is the current captain of West Indies International Cricket Team?
Which is the largest city in Massachusetts?
When was Motijheel Government Boys High School established?
Where was the capital of Mallabhum?
When was the American novelist Dan Brown born?
What is the total area of ​​the Andes Mountains?
Who is the founder of Argyad dynasty?
Does government company mean those companies owned by the government?
Who was the last king of Idrisi dynasty?
When was the Empire of Constantinople founded?
What is the English synonym for observable universe?
Who was the second king of Ghaznavi dynasty?
How many daughters does Indian film actor Rajesh Khanna have?
Which is the latest Hindi film starring Preity Zinta in 2016?
Did the feminist movement start in India?
When was the poet Kanai born?
How long did Yahya Khan, the former President and military ruler of Pakistan, join the Pakistan Army?
Who was the first to compose the Vedas in Sanskrit?
At what age did the Prophet Muhammad die?
How many tributaries does Hooghly River have?
What is the birth year of Abdus Sattar Khan?
How long does the Ras yatra last?
What is the scientific name of the small fly?
In what year was Tareq Rahman first appointed as the acting chairman of Bangladesh Nationalist Party?
What is the official language of Albania?
Who is the grandfather of Ganesha in Hinduism?
How many children did Marie Tussauds have?
When was the Communist Party of West Bengal formed?
Who was the first emperor of the Aztec Empire?
Who is the current Secretary General of the Communist Party of Bangladesh?
In which year was the novel Padma Nadir Majhi first published?
When was the Shatabdi Express launched in India?
In which year did Habibur Rahman join the job of Bangladesh Police?
What is the total area of ​​the Iranian plateau?
When was the Lahore Fort built?
What is the scientific name of the black rhinoceros?
When was the first film directed by David Dhawan released?
How many active volcanoes are there in the Kagoshima prefecture on the island of Kyushu in Japan as of 2018?
Who was the first king of Chakma people?
Which is the largest city in Switzerland in terms of size?
When was the Jamaat-e-Islam party founded?
How many Surahs of the Qur'an discuss the provision of Salam?
Where is the original book of Islam, the holiest book of Islam, preserved?
How many pillars are there in Islam?
What is the skin colour of the House crow?
Which is the official currency of Russia?
What is the name of the first woman engineer in India?
What is the total length of Bipasha river?
When was the Independence of Central America declared?
In which year did Muhammad Ali Jinnah first enter politics?
What is the name of the first printing press in Kolkata city?
What is the name of the first story written by Khalekdad Chowdhury?
When was the University of Chicago founded?
In which Indian state is cotton grown the most?
What should be the normal level of glucose in the blood of an adult male?
How many Hindus live in Savar upazila of Dhaka district at present?
What is the current population density of India?
Who was the owner of the first textile factory in India?
What is the defense material made of?
Generally, how many types of computer crimes are there?
How many gold medals did Bangladesh win in 2011 Commonwealth Youth Games?
In the history of Sylhet, what period is meant by Muslim rule?
Who is Vedic sage Yajnavalkya's father?
In how many languages ​​was the James Bond English film released?
What is the name of the first book written by William Ward on Christianity?
What was the average lifespan of a dinosaur that appeared in the Jurassic period?
Who was the last king of Barakzai dynasty of Afghanistan?
For how many years was the President of Ukraine elected by popular vote?
Should a woman eat less spicy foods during pregnancy?
What is the total length of Dhaka Metro?
Which technology can be used to determine the gender of the baby before its birth?
According to Hindu mythology, the existence of a demon is known from which age?
How many years was Winston Churchill Prime Minister of the United Kingdom?
Where is Ali Akbar College of Music located?
What is the total number of runs scored by Sir Garfield St. Abran Sobers in an international cricket match?
Which is the first cookbook written in Bangla language?
What is the name of the largest city in the South Twenty Four Parganas district of the Presidency of the Indian state of West Bengal?
Which is the smallest surah of the Qur'an?
What is the name of the first news paper publishing house in India?
What is the average depth of Great Salt Lake?
What is the name of Amartya Sen's grandfather?
How many ODIs did Rashid Latif play in total?
Where is the total area of ​​Daulatpur Muhsin Secondary School?
When was the Sun Temple of Gujarat established?
What percentage of the world's population suffers from heart disease?
What is the name of the largest district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh?
Who was the first captain of Croatia national football team?
How many colors are used in the national flag of New Zealand?
What is the name of the largest city in the state of Tripura in terms of size?
How many battle tanks does the armed forces of Bangladesh have at present?
When was Comilla Modern High School established?
Who established Motijheel Government Boys High School?
What is the official language of the Republic of Colombia?
What is the name of the first film directed by Srijit Mukherjee?
How many stock market offices are there in India?
Is the dowry system allowed in Islam?
How far is Pluto from Earth?
What is the name of the richest person in Bangladesh?
How long did the great Bengal Feminine last?
What is the total area of ​​Chittagong division of Bangladesh?
Who is the current Minister of Transport in West Bengal?
What is the total number of trains in Mumbai-Ahmedabad high speed train system?
What is the name of the longest tunnel in the world?
Is the previous stage of rain called the cloud?
In what year was the first Test cricket match played at the Eden Gardens?
When was the first book of poetry of the great poet Michael Madhusudan Dutt published?
What is the name of the eighth caliphate in the Islamic caliphate?
Who is the current Minister of Transport of Afghanistan?
What is the total number of women in India at present (2019)?
How many films did Ray direct?
Who was the Prime Minister of Bangladesh during the Chittagong Hill Tracts conflict?
When was the Agar.io game created?
Which is the most populous city in the state of Virginia?
Which is the largest city in Kolkata in terms of size?
Who is the first professional wrestler in India?
From which college did Albert Einstein study?
In which year did Real Madrid first go to FIFA World Cup?
Where is the headquarters of E Inc. Corporation?
In which language was the teenage vampire-romance novel "Twilight" first published?
How many people can pray together in Umayyad Mosque?
What is the English term for integrated circuit?
In what year did Sir Alec Guinness die?
In which language was the science fiction The Time Machine first published?
What is the total number of mantras mentioned in the Vedas?
What is the name of the father of Bangladeshi model and actress Jaya Ahsan?
When was the German Empire founded?
Who named the Devonian era?
Who was the first principal of Jahangirnagar University?
When was Motijheel Government Boys High School established in Dhaka?
What is the total area of ​​Bangladesh?
How many wickets did Mushtaq Ahmed Malik take in international cricket?
When did the Hungry Movement start in Bengal?
Which animal has the largest lung?
What is the name of the wife of Principal Abdul Hamid?
Where is the headquarters of Bangladesh House Building Finance Corporation?
From which era did the practice of Indian classical music begin?
When was the second film in the Specter James Bond movie series released?
How many types of races are there in West Bengal?
In how many parts Economic problems can be divided into?
When did the Mughal Empire fall?
What is the name of the first book of Iranian or Persian philosophy?
When was the first film directed by famous Bangladeshi film director Morshedul Islam released?
In which city did the final match of Cricket World Cup 2015 take place?
Is the size of the universe defined yet?
When was the physicist Enrico Fermi born?
In Islamic terminology, what are the books of Hadith called together?
Who was the first Prime Minister of China?
What is the name of Tamil film industry?
In which year did Sir Humphrey Davy discover the alkali metal?
In what year was the first successful heart transplant operation performed in India?
How much money does the 'Premer Kahini' movie make in total?
When was the Chinese Sui Empire founded?
What is the name of the largest city in Orissa in terms of size?
From which word does the word obscene originate?
What is the name of the first month of the year according to the Gregorian calendar?
Where is the capital of Myanmar located?
From which word does the word happiness originate?
How many runs did Basil Luiz D'Oliveira score in an international Test match?
What is the name of Roger Federer's father?
What is the opposite of the word deception?
What is the name of the first Chief Minister of Kolkata?
Which is the largest city in Chittagong?
What is the Bengali term for the word renaissance?
Who is the current Transport Minister of Karnataka?
Who is the founder of Samani Empire?
In what year did Xi Jinping become President of China?
In what year did Syed Abul Maqsood win the Bangla Academy Award?
How many branches of sociology are there?
Who is the current district president of North 24 Parganas district?
What is the name of the current president of Burkina Faso?
In what year did SummerSlam start?
In which city was the final of 2011 ICC Cricket World Cup held?
What is plasma and blood serum?
What are the main types of electricity demand?
Since what age did Tania Ahmed start modelling?
The Boston Tea Party was originally formed to oppose which law?
What is the total number of verses in Kabindrabachansamuchchaya?
How many cinema halls in Bangladesh have released the Bangladeshi film "Television" which was released on January 25, 2013?
What was the name of the first satellite built by the Indian Space Research Organization?
What is the name of the first novel written by Shakti Chatterjee?
When did the Charbak philosophy originate?
Who is currently the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Pakistan?
How much did it cost to make Sherlock Holmes, released in 2009?
How many years did Akbar Ali Khan live?
What was the total population of North Ossetia-Alania Republic in 2018?
In what year was the Zulu nation founded?
What was the name of Ashraf Siddiqui's father?
How many workers were needed to build Konark Sun Temple?
How many subjects are taught in Jahangirnagar University at present (2019)?
How long was the existence of Greater Bengal?
In which year was the first film starring Charlie Chaplin released?
What is the average lifespan of Bengal Tiger or Royal Bengal Tiger?
What is the name of the father of Severus Snape, a fictional character in the Harry Potter novel series?
Chhotonagpur plateau is spread across how many states?
Who is the current coach of South African international cricket team?
In what year did Hussein bin Ali declare himself King of Mecca?
When was Kolkata born?
Who was the first spiritual head of Tibet?
What is the English term for the pronoun term of Bengali grammar?
The first book written by British author Roald Dahl was first published by which publisher?
What is the name of the last emperor of the Tibetan Empire?
Which of the following is a large area between a division and a region to indicate the size of a place?
Which is the first graphics editing software in the world?
What is the total number of verses in Bhagavata Purana?
What is the height of Katrina Kaif?
In which year was Jyoti Prakash Dutt born?
When was the Zilla school of Karimganj district established?
What is the total number of years of Bachelor of Management Studies course?
In which year did Bangladeshi writer Ahmed Shafa get Ekushey Padak award?
What is the name of the first film directed by Churni Ganguly?
What is the height of Bangladeshi cricketer Shakib Al-Hasan?
What is the average lifespan of a lobster?
Which is the smallest city in the United States?
What is the average lifespan of small flies?
What is the minimum fee for Indians to get a visa to Qatar?
Which is the second letter of the Latin alphabet?
Which psychologist was the first to explain the term motivation?
Famous Bengali musician Manna Dey first composed music for which Hindi film?
Who was the first to define modernism?
How many series are there in the Harry Potter novel series?
What is the name of the largest railway station in Pabna district?
How many main entrances does the Red Fort have?
How many colors have been used in the national flag of Pakistan?
What kind of Bengali word is the word intelligence?
Who discovered the HIV virus?
What was the name of the first film produced by Stephanie Meyer?
How many marriages did Sterling Walter Hayden have?
Who was the director of the first film starring American actor Robin Williams?
From which word does the word 'Sovereign' originate?
What is the name of the most popular pharmaceutical company in Bangladesh?
What is the name of the current legislature of Palestine?
How many warplanes does the Indian Navy currently have?
How many books have been written by Richard Mueller?
Who was the Prime Minister of Nepal during the Sino-Nepalese War (1788 to1792)?
When was the International Cricket Council or ICC established?
In what year was Khalid bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud born?
What was the name of the first film starring English actor, producer, and director Albert Finney Jr.?
What is the total area of ​​Comilla Modern High School?
Who is the current Vice Chancellor of West Bengal University of Technology?
When was Sister Nivedita Girls School established?
How many gods and goddesses are mentioned in Hinduism?
Who was the Chief Minister of West Bengal before Jyoti Basu?
What is the name of the tributary of the Yangtze River?
Is Buddhist philosophy a kind of Indian philosophy?
What is the name of the first Tamil film starring actor Madhavan?
What is the name of the most expensive bed in the world today?
Where was the capital of the Mughal Empire during the reign of Akbar?
How many international airports are there in Thailand?
Against which team did Thomas George play the first international cricket match of his life?
What is the name of the currency of Kuwait?
What was the name of the first book written by the German mathematician David Hilbert?
What is the name of the largest state in Bangladesh in terms of size?
What is the synonym for the word anal?
What is the name of the first book written by Taslima Nasrin?
What is the name of the largest state in India in terms of size?
When was the German national football team formed?
When was the Rashidun army formed?
When was the poem "Bhagno Hriday" by Rabindranath Tagore first published?
What was the total capital of the Chinese Empire?
Who is the last emperor of Aztec empire?
When was the famous freedom fighter Abdur Razzak born?
Where is the current (2019) capital of Assam?
In what year did Jamal Pasha die?
On an average, how many juveniles have been victims of crime in India in 2017?
When did the Wahhabi movement end?
For which film did Satyajit Roy win the Oscar?
What is the current (2019) population of the Maya population?
Who is the founder of the Sui Empire?
How much space does India occupy in the world in 2018 in coal mining among fossil fuels?
How many branches of astronomy are there in total?
When was Herbert Sutcliffe born?
What is the name of the first play written by William Shakespeare?
How old was Walter Bruce Willis when he started acting in movies?
From which word does the word industrialization originate?
Where is the background of the ancient English epic "Beowulf"?
What is the name of the first book written by Abhijit Roy?
How many mobile network companies are there in India today?
Who was the director of the world's first full-length Hindi film?
What is the official currency of Russia?
When was the martyred freedom fighter of Bangladesh Mohammad Hamidur Rahman martyred?
How much foreign exchange did India earn in 2018 by exporting jute as an economic crop?
What is the name of the largest forest in Jalpaiguri division?
At what time did the Toda tribe or people appear in India?
Who was the Prime Minister of Bangladesh when the central Shaheed Minar was built?
When was the narrator Humayun Ahmed born?
What is the name of the first woman engineer in India?
How many English language dailies are there in Indonesia today?
From which word does the word batik originate?
At what age did Nur Muhammad Taraki start working as a journalist?
Which is the largest upazila of Rajshahi division of Bangladesh?
What is the total area of ​​Somnath temple in Gujarat?
Who was the second person to travel to space after Yuri Alexeievich Gagarin?
Who is the current Minister of Transport of Bhutan?
According to Hindu mythology, what is the name of Krishna's father?
From which word does the word interaction originate?
Where in the world is most cannabis cultivation done?
How much space does Bangladesh occupy in the world in jute production in 2018?
What is the name of the second emperor of the Gupta Empire?
What is the name of the father of Andres Iniesta Luhan?
What is the name of the smallest island in Ireland?
What is the name of the first novel written by Kazi Nazrul Islam?
Whose signature was first on the 20 Euro note?
According to Ramayana, how many children did Mandodari have?
When is agnosticism born of philosophical thought or doctrine?
How many megabytes was the first random access memory?
from which college did Mohammad Abdul Jabbar graduate?
Where was the world's first feminist organization formed?
How many sentences are written on the first page of the Quran?
How many marriages did Ivan Vasilyevich IV have?
What is the total staff of Chittagong Collegiate School at present?
Where does the word pillar originate form?
Who was the last emperor of the Ottoman Empire?
How many countries have Arabic as their official language?
Who was the first president of Brahmo Samaj?
Who was the first major leader of Bharatiya Janata Party or BJP?
How much would it normally cost to read a research article from a sci-Hub web search engine?
In which year was Bana Al-Abed born?
What is the highest run scored by Simon Philip Jones in an international cricket match?
How many Bangladeshi students joined the war of independence of Bangladesh in 1971?
Which is the largest district in the Indian state of Karnataka?
Are the American native, Arawak Native people still exist?
What is the total area of ​​West Midnapore in West Bengal?
Who was the Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh during the Moradabad riots in 1980?
Why Hamudur Rahman Commission was formed?
How many cities in India currently generate hydropower?
Who was the chairman of the drafting committee of the constitution of Bangladesh?
In what year did Satu Sen build a stage in Bengal?
When was Vandana Shiva born?
Where does the word universe come from?
What is the English synonym of the word finger?
When was the Aragon Empire founded?
Is there any tributary of Padma river?
How many Test matches has the Australian international cricket team played in 2019?
Where is the tomb of Zubair Ibn Awwam?
Calcutta Metro built by the British?
Who is the current Chief Minister of Punjab?
What is the minimum age for marriage of girls according to Islam?
Which is the largest fair in West Bengal in terms of size?
Who invented the harmonium?
Akhtar Hamid Khan was a citizen of which country?
What is the total volume of Uranus?
What is the name of the first novel written in Persian?
How many colours does human skin have?
What is the name of the first book written by the Swiss psychologist and philosopher Jean Piaz?
What is the name of the first movie starring Lina Heidi?
What is the total volume of the Baltic Sea?
Who directed the first Macbeth play in 1606?
When was the University of Connecticut founded?
Which department of the Government of India has the largest employment?
What was the population of Russia in 2015?
What is the name of the first book written on feminism capitalism?
Tipaimukh belongs to which district?
Where was Novera Ahmed born in Bangladesh?
How many cement factories are there in India at present?
How many Telugu films has Sridevi Kapoor acted in?
Bangladeshi sculptor Novera Ahmed was born in which part of Bangladesh?
Who was the cinematographer of Toy Story 2?
What is the total area of ​​Burdwan district in West Bengal?
Which actor acted in the first Japanese film directed by Akira Kurosawa?
What is the total area of ​​Katwa subdivision in West Bengal?
Which sculptor created the sculpture of the war of independence of Bangladesh?
What was the name of the character Tamalika Karmakar played in her first play?
Has the Indian government adopted any plan to prevent juvenile delinquency?
How many types of software are there?
In what year was the first computer program invented?
How old is Prince Harry now?
From which university did Sir Richard Owen study Biology?
When was the Portugal national football team formed?
When was the term social engineering first used?
What is the name of the mother of Indian physicist Devendra Mohan Basu?
How many letters are there in the second Surah Al-Baqarahof the Quran, the holy book of Muslims?
In which year the first film festival of independent Bangladesh was organized?
Who is the founder of the empire of Timur?
What is the name of the first novel written in Japanese?
From which word does the word display originate?
What does the word transport mean?
When was Yashodaben Narendra Modi born?
In what year did the British philosopher A. J. Ayer get the title of Knight?
When did the first Byzantine Empire emerge in Russia?
Who is the favorite singer of Samuel Frederick Smith?
In what year did Syed Hasan Imam enter the world of acting?
Who was the captain of the International Women's Cricket Match in India?
Who was the producer of the Hindi film "Ra.One" made in 2011?
At present (2019) is there any existence of Malay tribe?
What is the height of Christopher Lance Cairns?
What is the synonym for Gay men?
What is the name of the smallest city in Barisal division in terms of size?
What is the name of the first novel written by Sarat Chandra Chatterjee?
Which is the largest city of Chittagong division?
How many gods and goddesses are mentioned in Hinduism?
Who made Islamic law?
What is the name of the first foreign minister of Qatar?
What is the name of the first Japanese language film?
Who was the last king of Khilji dynasty?
Portland is a state of which state?
How many chambers does the Canadian legislature have?
How many countries participated in the 2014 FIFA World Cup?
How many cities are there in Mymensingh district?
When was Indian writer R. K. Narayan born?
What is the name of Ustad Ali Akbar Khan's mother?
What is the height of Farakka Barrage?
What was the number of Dropbox users in the United States in 2018?
When was Twitter first used in India?
Who is called the father of the nation of India?
When was the string theory published?
When was the seventh Prime Minister of the Republic of India Rajiv Gandhi born?
When was the management information system launched?
Which district of West Bengal is famous for its Baul songs?
Where is the origin of the word dream?
What is the name of the first play written in Bengali language?
Where is the Bible manuscript now preserved?
Who is the first Chief Minister of Jammu and Kashmir?
When was the language movement in Rangpur started?
Basu Bigyan Mandir or Bose institute is named after whom?
When was the first book, the Hebrew Bible, written?
How many branches of astronomy are there in total?
Is pop music and rock music are same?
How many airports are there in Bangladesh?
Who was Qutbul Aktab Hazrat Khwaja Syed Muhammad Qutbuddin Bakhtiyar's aunt's father?
What is the birth year of famous space researcher Abdus Sattar Khan?
How long did Bangladeshi musician Abdul Jabbar live?
When was Umayyad dynasty established?
Is Theory of art taught in Visva-Bharati University?
Which king ordered to build the Babri Mosque in Ayodhya?
Is happiness the antonym of sorrow?
Who was the first to give the idea about organic compounds?
What is the name of the largest river in Greece?
How many districts are there in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh?
Which is the first silent film made in the world?
Which Indian won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 2017?
Who is currently the army chief of Afghanistan?
Which is the main river in the city of Hamburg?
Who was the captain of Australia's first international cricket team?
How many years did Mir Zafar Ali Khan live?
When was Cleopatra born?
How does economic system changes based on the place, people and time?
What is the name of the first film starring Nicole Marie Kidman?
Where was the last Olympic Games held?
What is the name of the book written by Albert Einstein on general relativity?
What is the name of the first book written by Manmohan Singh?
What is the name of the second version of Windows Server 2012?
How many people died in the battle of Uhud?
Which is the lowest layer of the atmosphere?
Who is currently the Indian Ambassador to Greece?
What is a parachute made of?
When did Riaz Uddin Ahmed Siddique get the first National Film Award?
What is Sophie Turner's mother's name?
How many Hindu Scriptures are there?
Is abortion a legal crime in India?
What were the first products on sale of the Indian e-commerce company Flipkart?
What is the current population of the People's Republic of Korea?
How many books written by Akhtar Hamid Khan?
Which is the highest mountain in Ladakh?
Judah was a resident of which city?
What does Islamic terminology mean in Arabic?
Who is the current district governor of Purulia?
Who was the first to define crossdressing?
How many countries are currently in the Soviet Union?
Who was the head coach of the Indian team during the 2015 Cricket World Cup?
In what year was the largest sculpture discovered in Bangladesh?
Where is the capital of Kenya?
Where is the birthplace of feminism?
Who is the last king of Natore dynasty?
When was the Government College of Engineering and Textile Technology established in Bahrampur?
What is the name of the smallest city in Goa?
How many novels have Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay written?
How many songs were used in the Hindi film "Ra.One" made in 2011?
In what year did the battle of Akar begin?
Is China a sovereign country?
How many government medical colleges are there in India?
When did Kailash Satyarthi receive the Robert F. Kennedy Human Rights Award?
How many species of radish are there?
Who is the current Prime Minister of Russia?
What are the total types of AC motors?
What is the current (2019) population of Natore district?
When was the epigenetic theory first published?
What is the current (2019) population of India?
When was the famous Girish Mancha located in Bagbazar founded?
In which year did Subhash Chandra Bose join the Indian National Congress?
Where was the Russian capital during the Russo-Persian War?
How many people were martyred in the Bengali language movement?
Where did the first cold boot attack happen?
New Zealand's John Cowie played his first one-day international cricket match against which country?
What number of Anga king was Karna?
What is the coordinate of Timur Sea?
According to the Mahabharata, what is the name of Draupadi's mother?
In which year Bengali was recognized as the second official language of the Indian state of Jharkhand?
How many Pakistani soldiers were injured in the 1971 war of independence of Bangladesh?
How many national highways are there in West Bengal?
How many districts are there in Chhattisgarh?
Does the Zulu group exist in India?
Where was the capital of the Sui Empire?
What kind of word is the word crossdressing?
How many children did Zamindar Pratapaditya have?
What is the current total population of Hubli, the second largest city in the Indian state of Karnataka?
Who was the producer of the American drama film The Godfather Francis?
What was the name of the first film directed by Alejandro Gonzalez Inarritu?
Does Yamraj have any children?
Who was the Prime Minister of Pakistan in 2001?
Who developed Manjaro Linux?
What is the birth year of the famous poet Haru Tagore?
Who is the father of atheistic philosophy?
In which year did Batsyayan write the Kama Sutra?
Which was the first play as an actor of Bangladeshi model and drama actress Tamalika Karmakar?
How many galleries does the Liberation War Museum have at present?
Who is the founder of Detroit Institute of Art?
Which country in the world has the most sexual violence?
What is the height of Australian cricketer Jason Neil Gillespie?
What was the total area of ​​the Bengal region consisting of Bangladesh and the Indian state of West Bengal?
How many fragments does the Iliad epic have?
What is the total area of ​​the Himalayas?
What is the name of the father of astronomer Radhagobind Chandra?
What is the size of Kufr Shahi Mosque in Iraq?
Who is the second king of Fag-mo-gru-pa dynasty?
What is the official language of Puerto Rico?
How many chapters does Samved have in total?
Who is the current governor of Bihar?
Did the1950 East Pakistan riots start from Barisal?
What was the length of the world's first silent film?
Who was the leading wicket-taker in World Series Cricket in 1979?
Which is the first computer operating system in the world?
When was the first toothbrush made?
Which place in the world did India occupy in date production in 2018?
What is the name of the last king of Malla dynasty?
How many steps are there to determine normal sexual function?
How many government orphanages are there in India?
Where is the headquarters of the International Telecommunication Union located?
What language do the inhabitants of La village speak?
Who was the second king of Ghaznavi dynasty?
When was the Chinese Communist Party founded?
Who was the first to discover the ruins of the ancient kingdom of Egypt?
What is the name of the current (2019) President of Bangladesh?
Who was the first Dalai Lama of the Dge-Lugas sect, one of the major denominations of Tibetan Buddhism?
How many books did Baby Moudud authored?
What is the total size of the Sun Temple in Gujarat?
Which team won the World Series Cup in 1977?
What was the population of the Druze community in Syria in 2018?
What is the scientific name of the Greater coucal bird?
Who first diagnosed dengue fever?
When was the first novel written by Jahanara Imam first published?
What was the name of the first economist in India?
What is the name of the first short story written by Ashapurna Devi?
Where was the novel Heart of Darkness first published?
The current (2019) Chief Justice of the United States?
Who is the proponent of atheism?
Where was Shawkat Ali born in Bangladesh?
When was the rotor machine first invented?
In which part of the Veda, the highest scripture of Hinduism, is Chaturashram mentioned?
According to mythology, what is the name of Karna's mother?
The Islamic era is divided into how many parts?
Which articles of the Constitution of Bangladesh orders the death penalty?
What is the name of the first president of China?
Who was the first to study the history of women in India?
Halaku Khan was a citizen of which country?
Which is the oldest language group in the world?
What is the name of the main scripture of Baha'i religion?
What is the current population of the Lhasa region of Tibet?
What is the current number of students in Comilla Victoria College?
Which is the most populous district of Sri Lanka?
Who was the Governor of Bengal when the first Christmas conspiracy of 1909 took place?
What is the total population of Marichjhampi Island in the Sundarbans region of West Bengal at present (2019)?
How many pharmaceutical companies are there in Bangladesh?
In which year did Emperor Bahadur Shah Jafar sit on the throne of the Mughal Empire?
How long did the Arab-Israeli war last?
Which political party is currently in power in Syria?
How many blood groups are there in the human body?
Who is the current district governor of Krishna district in Andhra Pradesh?
When was Albert Einstein's theory of general relativity published?
What was the name of the first film directed by Damien Schazel?
How many children did Emperor Bahadur Shah Zafar have?
Which company published the first comic magazine in India?
How many years did the Sia Empire last?
Who is the current President of Santahar Municipality, a local government body in Rajshahi Division of Bangladesh?
What is the scientific name of Whitetip Reef Shark?
From which word does the word deception originate?
What is the name of the largest city in Saudi Arabia in terms of population?
To which empire did the Ottoman Empire fall?
In which two places in Bangladesh has the Qatari government introduced visa centers?
How much carbohydrates do an adult male need in a day?
What is the name of the production company of the American television drama series 'Dexter'?
Which college did Delwar Hossain Sayedee study?
In what year was the 2004 American biographical drama "The Aviator" released?
What was the total size of the Ghaznavid dynasty?
Who was the Prime Minister of Pakistan in 1971?
Where does the word civil engineering come from?
How much plastic was used in America in 2018?
What is the name of the world's largest carnivorous animal?
Who is the current (2019) owner of Colors channel?
At what age did Humayun Kabir become involved in leftist politics?
Who was the first headmaster of Motijheel Government Boys High School?
What is the name of the second book written by Henry Beveridge?
What is the average depth of Bipasha river?
Who led the first feminist sexual war?
When did the GNU project officially start?
When was Belur Math established?
What time does the first epoch of the world, Hedian, mean?
In which city did Albert Einstein spend his childhood?
What is the scientific name of goblin shark?
Damascus was the first important city of which empire?
When was the Qing Dynasty founded?
How many years did the Tang Dynasty rule in total?
What is the total area of ​​Rampurhat city?
Shaheed Dhirendranath Dutt was associated with which political party?
What is the name of the first leftist chief minister of West Bengal?
How many communities are there in Islam?
Who was the first vice-captain of Bangladesh national cricket team?
Hijla upazila of Barisal district of Bangladesh consists of how many villages?
What is the name of the currency of Jerusalem?
Which is the longest river in South 24 Parganas district of West Bengal?
In which year did Alexander Graham Bell invent the telephone?
How many species of rattlesnakes can be found?
What is the name of the pre-Phanerozoic epoch?
How long does the free software movement last?
Who is the current district president of Jalpaiguri district?
Who is the current district governor of Kalimpong district in India?
Who was the first to explain linear search or sequential search in computer science?
What is the name of the oldest Hindu Purana?
What is the total number of colors used in 100 taka notes in Bangladesh at present?
How many intellectuals were martyred in the liberation war of Bangladesh?
In which year did Morshedul Islam win the first National Film Award?
From which publication was the first book in the Harry Potter series published?
What is the total number of books in the library of Chittagong University as of 2018?
Who is the Chief Secretary of Indian Air Force?
How many years did the 7th Ottoman Sultan Muhammad II live?
What is the total number of layers of skin in the human body?
Who is the current Transport Minister of Tamil Nadu?
Who was the first Governor General of India?
What is the birth year of Aam Aadmi Party leader Anna Hazare?
What is the average height of a poppy tree?
Was Safwan Ibn Umayya married?
When did Gautam Buddha arrive in Vaishali?
Which ruling party is currently in Assam?
How many years did Syed Mohammad Shamsuzzoha live?
What is the name of Vandana Shiva's mother?
Which was the first Indian company to launch a black and white printer?
When was the Indian Statistical Institute established?
What is the name of the first book written by Allama Mushahid Ahmad Bayampuri?
What is the current (2019) population of Iran?
What is the name of the currency of Aceh Sultanate?
How many years did the eighth President of Bangladesh Ziaur Rahman live?
Who was the director of the movie Superhero Captain America?
In which city was Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose born?
What is the current number of employees of United Airways Limited?
How many people died in the Great Hanshin earthquake in Japan?
From which word does the word pronoun originate?
Who was the first to invent the rotor machine?
What is the current official language of Turkish?
How many people in Assam speak Bengali till 2018?
How many metropolitan cities are there in Bangladesh?
Which is the largest fair in India according to the population?
How many institutes of Islamic culture are there in India?
How old is the development of children's brain?
Where is the largest printing press in India located?
What should men use in their penis for safe sex?
How long was the Greater Dhaka Sustainable Urban Transport Project?
Who was the first king of the Arab monarchy or Greater Syria?
Who is the current Minister of Education of Qatar?
In which part of India is Green peacock or Burmese peacock more common?
In 2018, how many poets and writers received the Jnanpith award?
How many poetic verses are there in Kabindrabachansamuchchaya?
How many types of dramas are there in total?
When did Christopher Henry "Chris" Gayle start playing for the West Indies national cricket team?
What was the size of the world's first personal computer?
What is the total number of Upanishads?
What was the number of lesbians in India in 2018?
How many brothers did the martyred freedom fighter Mohiuddin have?
What is the total area of ​​Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose International Airport?
What is the name of the first printed book in Bengali language?
When was the EA Canada Company founded?
How many songs did Samuel Frederick Smith compose?
What is the name of the largest ship breaking company in Bangladesh?
How many wives did Prophet Muhammad have?
What was the number of patients with rickets in India in 2017?
What should be the weight of the ball according to the rules of football?
What is the average lifespan of Bengal Tiger or Royal Bengal Tiger?
The Linux kernel operating system was first used on which company's computer?
How many metro trains run daily in Kolkata, West Bengal?
Which political party is currently in power in Syria?
What is the total volume of the lungs of an adult human?
What was the total reign of the Pala dynasty?
Was Chand Roy married?
Who created the SD Card Association?
Where is Jallianwala Bagh located?
How many colors are used in the national flag of Sri Lanka?
When was Walter Alvarez born?
Who was the first to discover Quantum Dot?
What was the name of Khandaker A.N.M. Abdullah Jahangir's father?
How many children did Dr. Moniruzzaman have?
When was the Ahom Empire founded?
Since when have people been using saws?
Which is considered to be the beginning of the modern era of Islamic history?
Which country won the Indo-Pakistani naval war in 1971?
How many branches of sociology are there?
When was Linux created?
Who was the director of the film Ray?
Who is the first President of the Republic of Suriname?
Is it possible to get a free software license?
When was Cricket Ireland founded?
What is the total size of the UN headquarters?
What is the total height of the Andes Mountains?
What is the name of the mother of the second Abbasid Caliph Abu Jafar Abdullah bin Muhammad Al Mansur?
Who was the last emperor of Mahameghvahan dynasty?
What is the total area of ​​Comilla Victoria College?
When was the Headingley Cricket Ground built?
What is the total number of students in Dhaka University at present?
Which is the oldest of Indian language?
Who is the father of philosophy?
In which book was the word Jannat first used?
What are those who practice accounting called?
Where did agnostic philosophy or doctrine originate first?
Who was the cinematographer of the film La La Land directed by Damien Schagel?
Where are the Ikhwans are originally from?
In which year did Professor Iajuddin Ahmed retire as Professor of Dhaka University?
Who is the founder of Al Qaeda?
In which year was the Khilji dynasty established?
When was Heisenberg's policy of uncertainty published?
Who was the first ruler of Ilkhanate?
What is the current number of students in Rajshahi Collegiate School?
What is the minimum size of the observable universe?
What is the name of the first book written by George R. R. Martin?
How much property does World Wrestling Entertainment currently own (2019)?
How many kings ruled in the Pala Empire?
Who is the commentator of Isopanisad?
What is the name of the first novel written by Satinath Bhaduri?
From which word does the word pigment originate?
How many Russian soldiers died in the Russian-Polish war?
Which is the first cookbook written in Bangla language?
What is the maximum depth of Great Salt Lake?
Who was the captain of Germany in 2014 FIFA World Cup?
How many types of salts can carbonic acid form?
What is the name of the first book written by George R. R. Martin?
What is the name of the first poem of Dharmamangal?
What should be the minimum weight of a baby at birth?
Where was the first narrow or meter-gauge railway launched?
What is the name of the largest forest in Bangladesh?
How many international cricket matches has Herbert Sutcliffe played in total?
Is Anger a human trait?
In what year did Ed. Khan Tipu Sultan die?
What is the name of the first book of poetry written in Bengali language?
When was the first book of poetry written by Mayukh Chowdhury first published?
What is the height of John Felix Antonio Cena?
How old is Prince Harry now?
What is the name of the first book written by Abu Hamid Muhammad Ibn Muhammad Al-Ghazzali?
How many people in Bankura are involved in agriculture till 2018?
Where is the largest Shiva temple in India located?
How many movies are there in the James Bond movie series?
At what age did Laila bint Al-Minhal get married?
In which district of Bangladesh was the Bangladeshi novelist Abdush Shakur born?
Who was the President of Bangladesh in 2012?
From which publication was the first novel of Bengali novelist and journalist Advaita Mallavarman published?
What is the height of Bangladeshi actress Purnima?
What was the weight of the world's first discovered computer?
At what age did Arthur Fielder retire from international cricket?
What is the current staff of Chittagong University Library?
In what year did Meghnad Saha establish the theory of thermal ionization?
Which scientist was the first to identify the influenza virus?
Where the Mongols originally from?
Which country made the first aircraft in the world?
What is the name of the last surah of the Quran?
Which scientist was the first to publish information about vacuum power?
What is the current (2019) number of students of Dhaka Medical College?
How many children did Prophet Muhammad have?
What is the name of the father of Gadapani, the prince of Ahom Tunkhungiya Faid?
In what year did Australian international cricketer Gregory Michael Greg Ritchie play his first Test match?
For which song was Akon or Aliaume Damala Badara Akon Thiam nominated for a Grammy Award for the first time?
Who was the Education Minister of Bangladesh when the Brokers Act was enacted in 1972?
What is the scientific name of the black swan?
Baby Moudud was a member of which political party?
What is the total length of the river Ganges?
Which is the second largest district in Bangladesh?
What is the total area of ​​Zia Udyan?
When was the play Birangona: Women of War first published?
Who won the battle of Troy?
What is the name of the operating system used in iPhone 5S?
According to Hinduism, who is the Vahana of the god of death Yamraj?
When was Nicholas II born?
What are the worshipers of Vishnu called?
Where was the first cadet college established in India?
Syed Nurul Hasan was associated with which political party?
When was the Nobel Foundation founded?
Who was the first President of Colombia?
Which Indian textile marketing company was the first to make bikinis?
The Game of Thrones series is made in which languages?
How many soldiers were martyred in the attack on Pulwama?
What was the mother tongue of Atish Dipankar Srigyan?
What is the current percentage of women participation in technology in Bangladesh?
What is the total area of ​​Zia Udyan?
What is the current (2019) population of Egypt?
Where does the word sovereignty come from?
In which year did Gregory Charles Dyer first play for the Australian national team?
In which year did Sir Jagadish Chandra Bose discover that the tree has life?
Which college did Prafulla Chandra Roy graduate from?
In which year was the National Socialist German Workers Party founded?
What is the power of the pope according to Christianity?
When was Indian film actor Varun Dhawan born?
What are the total types of tones?
What was the name of the wife of North Korean ruler Kim Jong-il?
When was Salauddin Quader Chowdhury born?
What is the name of the father of Habibur Rahman, an officer of Bangladesh Police?
How many types of matter are there?
What is the official currency of Syria?
Who is the current chairman of Cricket Ireland?
How many parts are there in the male reproductive system?
Who is the current (2019) Foreign Minister of Ireland?
Who is the father of Ayurveda?
How many verses are there in the first sura of Quran, the religious book of Muslims?
Who received the Bharat Ratna award in 2018?
Was William Eric Bose a batsman?
When was the first billboard magazine published?
When was Turkish Airlines established?
How many Bengali films are made with 'Chokher Bali'?
When was Cleopatra born?
Who is the current owner of the service publication in Bangladesh?
What was the profession of Srijit Mukherjee's father?
Who is the current president of Syria (2019)?
What is the name of the largest city in the state of Assam in terms of size?
What was the nickname of Australian cricketer Richard Richie Benoit?
When was the first paper mill set up in India?
How long does the language movement in Rangpur last?
What is the national fruit of southern Mexico?
When was Yale University founded?
Where is the doctrine of the third sex or the third sex born?
What was the name of the first book written on economic system?
What is the name of the highest mountain in the Himalayas?
What is the name of the second film directed by Bangladeshi film director Alamgir Kabir?
How many international charities are there in the world today?
In which year was the Vaidyanatha Jyotirlinga temple built?
In what year was the cultivation of cannabis first started in India?
When was geometry born?
How many sixes did West Indies hit in 2018 ICC World Twenty20 final?
When was the Nabanno building of the government of West Bengal built?
When was the first book written by Henry Beveridge published?
When was the first extremist freedom movement started in India?
What was the name of the first film directed by John Moore?
Who first diagnosed heart disease?
Which modern IP version is currently used in computers?
From which word does the word humanism originate?
From which publication did the book "Ekattorer Dinguli" first published?
When did the Bengal region consisting of the state of West Bengal and Bangladesh got separated from India?
In which year was the Pornography Control Act first enacted in Bangladesh?
How many countries do Delta Airlines have services in total?
Who initiated the Lingaraj Temple in Bhubaneswar?
When was the Supreme Ulema Council established?
What was the total number of students in the first year of the first government school in India?
Who was the founder of the Shang Empire?
Which region of India is famous for its Baul music?
What is the name of the first president of Iraq?
How many acres of land is Goa International Airport built on?
What is the name of the first book written by Sir Isaac Newton?
Who wrote the first book which mentions the word natural selection?
From which word does the word Shabe Kadar originate?
How many insurance companies are there in the world today?
Who wrote the first cookbook in Bengali language?
Which place is called the paradise of India?
What is the average lifespan of an adult human brain?
Which country di Abu Jafar Abdallah bin Muhammad Al Mansur belong to?
Which is the most populous city in Canada?
Who first used the word globalization?
Which species did dinosaur belong to?
From which word does the word movie originate?
What is the average depth of Ume river?
What is the average lifespan of Marijuana tree?
Where does the word epic originate from?
Where does the word wrestling come from?
Who is the first principal of Cambridge University?
Who is currently the chief priest of Vaidyanatha Jyotirlinga temple?
Which is the smallest city in Russia?
How many novels has Sarat Chandra Chattopadhyay written in total?
What is the name of the current Minister of Transport of Japan?
When was the first specimen of Islamic art seen in India?
When was Bangladeshi linguist Ahmed Sharif born?
What are the chemical symbols of glucose?
When was the Archean epoch discovered?
Who was the 44th President of the United States?
What is the total number of Bengali speaking people in Assam?
Crystals can be divided into how many parts based on the presence of water?
At what age did popular Bangladeshi film actor Ferdous Ahmed act in his first film?
What is the geographical area of ​​Agra city?
In which dynasty was Muhammad Afzal Khan born?
How long did the battle of Kurukshetra last?
Who is the current principal of Comilla Government City College?
How many years did the Bengali language movement last?
What is the name of the latest book of poetry written by Ishwar Chandra Gupta?
Who was the first Dalai Lama of the Dge-Lugas sect?
What is the name of the fourth of the nine prominent forms of Navadurga?
Which of these four countries is the most populous of the four Asian tigers?
What is the name of the third emperor of the Sui Empire?
At what age did the famous New Zealand cricketer Martin David Crowe die?
How many branches of mathematics are there in total?
What was the name of the first series of Harry Potter novels written by British author JK Rowling?
In which year did we get to know about the basic element bismuth for the first time?
What is fetal death called in English terminology?
Who was the founder of Pathuriaghata Tagore family?
How many cities are there in Thakurgaon district of Bangladesh?
What is the name of the first film made by Humayun Ahmed?
When did Duronto Express train service first start?
When did the game of cricket first start?
In what year was Universal Pictures Studio founded?
Where did the practice of working in a group begin?
Who invented the hepatitis B vaccine?
When was the SD Card Association formed?
Where was Abdur Rahman Khan buried?
What is the name of the wife of Debashis Biswas?
Who discovered the Indus Valley Civilization?
What is the size of Dhubri district in India?
Who is the first Prime Minister of Bhutan?
What is the maximum wavelength of the terahertz band?
What is the total cost of Bangladeshi currency to build the Dhaka Metro project?
What is the name of Atul Prasad Sen's father?
How many Hindi films has Preity Zinta acted in with Salman Khan?
When did leftist politics first emerge in India?
When was Noam Chomsky born?
Which type of soil is most suitable for cultivation?
What is the name of Indian writer R. K. Narayan's father?
How long is the movie The Wizard of Oz?
Which is the holy scripture of Jains?
When was the first mailbox introduced in the United States?
When did relative quantum chemistry originate?
Who did the first research on Bengali phonology?
Who was the Chairman of the Indian Penal Code Drafting Committee?
At what age did Sirajul Alam Khan die?
Who is the second emperor of the Chinese Empire?
Who was the third caliph of Islam?
What is the name of Chanchal Kumar Majumdar's father?
What was the mother tongue of Vasco da Gama?
Who is the current head coach of Real Madrid Football Club?
Who is the current Chief Minister of Assam?
How many countries belong to the continent of Africa?
In what year did Akbar Ali Khan get his bachelor's degree?
Where in India is most fossil fuel produced?
What is the length of Toy Story 2 movie?
How much water was wasted in India alone in 2017?
When was Jahangirnagar University established?
What is the name of the largest district in the state of Tripura in terms of size?
Who is the current President of Bangladesh?
From which word does the word steroid originate?
What is the total number of ruku in the Quran?
According to the Bible, how many children did David or Dawood had?
What is the name of the first operating system in India?
Is the color of the gamma ray purple?
Who was the first to establish a military-run "cadet college"?
In which year was Hindi given the status of official language?
According to Hinduism, is suicide a sin?
What is the name of the highest mountain in Bangladesh?
Sheep are animals of which class?
Who is the current President of India?
In which year did John Thomas Johnny Tildsley retire from international cricket?
In which country was the 2015 Cricket World Cup final played?
Who is the founder of Emeco Company?
When did the knighting begin?
Who invented the number?
For which film did Martin Scorsese win the first Academy Award for directing?
Who is the current (2019) Chief Minister of Karnataka?
Which organization organized Amar Ekushey Book Fair 2018?
What is the average depth of the river Buriganga?
When did the Wahhabi movement start?
What is the current (2019) of Tibet?
What is the total area of ​​Scandinavia?
Is Bengali New Year or Poila Boisakh a public holiday in West Bengal?
Who wrote the Qur'an?
What was the lowest temperature in Bangladesh in winter 2018?
From which word does the word rape originate?
What is the name of Yamraj's father?
In which year did George Herbert Hurst play his first Test match for England?
In which country was the first telecommunication network launched?
Is Japan Echo, an English language Japanese magazine still get published?
Muammar al-Gaddafi was associated with which political party in Libya?
Mammal skin is basically made up of layers?
What is the name of Rashidun army headquarters?
Who is the founder of the Argyad dynasty of Macedon?
What is the birth year of Ramakrishna Paramahamsa?
What is the average radius of the moon?
What is the current total number of Bangladeshi Americans?
In which text is the word natural selection first used?
How many ICC Cricket World Cups have Zimbabwe won?
When was the United States Marine Corps founded?
In which city of Sylhet was the first tea garden of Bangladesh established?
What is the name of the first airline of India?
In which country was the world's first robot made?
Where was the world's first charity founded?
Who was the first Prime Minister of Syria?
Which sexually transmitted disease is caused by the HIV virus?
How long did it take to build the Al-Azhar Mosque?
How many types of cyclone are there?
In what year did Australian international cricket star Robert Neil Harvey retire from international cricket?
Who is the first Chief Minister of Assam?
What is the name of the father of Amir Nasrullah Khan of Afghanistan?
What was the cause of death of Laxminarayan Roychowdhury?
Who was the first to invent computer program?
What is the total number of colors used in the one hundred euro note?
Who was the first president of the Communist Party of India?
How many films has Khan Ataur Rahman directed music in total?
Who is the current ruler of Mecca?
Which state has the largest number of temples in India?
Which is the capital of Syria?
How many books written by Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar are there?
How many political parties are there in North Korea today?
Which team won the 2018 Asia Cup Final Cricket Match?
When did the practice of epidemiology begin?
Who is the current (2019) Foreign Minister of Pakistan?
How many pages of Surah Al-Furqan is in the original Quran?
Who designed the first 100 rupee note in India?
What is the name of the first film starring Huma Salim Qureshi?
How many countries are there in North Africa?
How long did the Sia Empire of ancient China last?
Who is the current (2019) Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh?
What percentage of people in the world believe in fate?
When is the birthday of Bangladeshi model and actress Jaya Ahsan?
In what year was the first novel written by Rokeya Sakhawat Hossain published?
Who is for mathematics calculus?
How many global cities or world cities are present in the world?
Is naphthalene a volatile substance?
Who is the current head of the World Health Organization?
Where did Test cricket start?
Who was the first to mention the observable universe?
What was the total number of first year students of Sanskrit College in North Kolkata?
Who plays the protagonist in the movie Dawn: The Chase Begins Again?
When was the city of Kolkata, the capital of West Bengal, founded?
What is the scientific name of the tortoise?
How many types of examinations are there in formal education?
The ancient library of Alexandria was built during whose reign?
What is the total area of ​​Government Laboratory High School in Dhaka?
For which film direction did Satyajit Ray get an Oscar?
What is the name of the first book written by Adolf Hitler?
Who was the Prime Minister of Bangladesh when the Dhaka Metro project was built?
Which company was the first in the world to create Play-Dough?
Which is the first novel written by George R. R. Martin?
Is homosexuality legal in Egyptian law now?
In which year was the world's first software invented?
What is the total foreign exchange reserves of the Reserve Bank of India at present?
What is the name of the first television series of Indian film and television actor Om?
How many chapters are there in Bhagavata Purana?
Who is the producer of the movie Black Swan?
Where did the free software movement first start?
What is the name of the first book of poetry written by Mayukh Chowdhury?
How many kilometers of underground metro service is available in Kolkata, West Bengal?
What is the coordinates of Machu Picchu or Machu Picchu city?
When was King Shashanka of Gaur born?
Who was the first to discover the Ordovician era?
How many soldiers of the two groups were killed in the battle of Goliath?
How long does it take for Indians to get a visa to Qatar?
Which is the largest brothel in the world?
What is the name of the first novel written by Alex Garland?
What is the name of the first printing press in Bengali language?
Since when was the ranking system first introduced by FIFA in the men's national football team?
In which year did Swami Vivekananda first visit Chicago?
Who was the music director of the Bollywood movie Dangal?
Which religion is closely associated with the word 'Salam'?
How many fighter jets did the Indian Navy have till 2018?
How many lines does Lucknow Metro have?
Which day is celebrated as Naval Day every year?
What is the height of Al-Haram Mosque?
What was the name of the first film made by George Timothy Clooney?
What is the total area of ​​Adana city?
Who is the current owner of Wikipedia?
Who is the first foreign minister of the Republic of Yemen?
What percentage of the total population of India is female?
What is the official currency of Mexico?
According to whose policy was the first dynamo built?
How many points are needed to make a circle?
When was the Australian (men's) national cricket team formed?
Where did the first international scientific research project, The Human Genome, begin?
On Which River's bank was Mesopotamian civilization formed?
Who is the current (2019) captain of the South African national cricket team?
From which year did the Olympic jumping competition start?
Which woman writer raised the first question about the social status of women in Bangladesh?
What is the name of the first cookbook written in Bengali language?
Is singing a form of Performing Arts?
What is the current total population of Kiev?
Who designed the twenty euro note?
What is the source of origin of the word 'janaza'?
In geometric terms, what is a field with five lines called?
How many upazilas are there in Lakshmipur district of Bangladesh?
Who is the Chief Minister of Kerala?
What is the total area of ​​Latur district?
Is shrimp a kind of water insect?
On which date of 2010 was the movie 127 Hours released?
What is the mother tongue of Chinese Muslims?
In which year did Salauddin Quader Chowdhury first join politics?
What is the boiling point of polonium?
In which region are little grebes more commonly seen?
Who is the proponent of Jainism?
What is the number of male homosexuals in New Zealand in 2018?
Who is the first Secretary General of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations?
Where was the original habitat of the Mongols?
How many Arab soldiers died in the Arab-Israeli war?
What is the size of the Timur Sea?
When was Isaac Asimov born?
Which part of the aircraft plays an important role in recovering the cause of a plane crash?
When was the National Human Rights Commission of India formed?
What was the total area of ​​Vaishali city?
How many years has Tajuddin Ahmed been the Prime Minister of Bangladesh?
When was the English cricketer Arthur Fielder born?
What was the name of the first film produced by the Soviet production company Mosfilm?
What percentage of men in Bangladesh are circumcised?
What is the current size of Lahore (2019)?
Where does the word software come from?
What is the logo of GNU project?
When was the first film in the Harry Potter movie series released?
When were the complex numbers discovered in mathematics?
What is the total length of Damodar river?
What was the population of the Druze community in Syria in 2018?
Who is the current (2019) principal of Azizul Haque College?
Is the American Film Institute a government institution?
What is the name of the first film directed by Morshedul Islam?
What is the English synonym of the word region?
In what year was Paul Andrew Nixon born?
What is the name of the first surah of the Muslim religious book Quran?
How many species of sharks are there in the world?
How long did the photography movement last in Bangladesh?
When was McDonald's Corporation founded?
How many Indians were martyred to liberate India from British rule?
What is the name of the first book written by Gopalakrishna Gokhale?
Where is the use of quantum mechanics?
Do you hear who was the producer of the film?
Which is the largest airport in Bhutan?
What is the average height of an African elephant?
According to Hindu mythology, how many children does Shiva have?
When was Maulana Muhammad Ali Jawahar born?
How many novels did Begum Sufia Kamal write?
What is the atomic mass of the Bronze?
What is the name of the current (2019) President of Russia?
How many branches of astronomy are there in total?
In what year did Satyajit Ray receive the Padma Bhushan award?
When was the Liberation War Museum built?
Who was the last emperor of Khilji dynasty?
From which college did Kazi Aref Ahmed graduate?
From which word does the English word cotton come?
Is bitcoin transaction legal in India?
What is the name of the first book written by Vandana Shiva?
Who scored the most goals in the semi-finals of FIFA World Cup on July 8, 2014?
What is the name of the highest peak of Nilgiris?
What is the birth year of Satyendranath Basu?
In which country did the Black Metal song genre originate?
Does the Hittite language still exist?
In which year did Napoleon Bonaparte become the first consul of the French Republic?
What is the name of the father of Habibur Rahman, an officer of Bangladesh Police?
Which college did Engineer Mosharraf Hossain attend?
Which is the first Russian film made in Russian language?
Which color has the shortest wavelength?
Where is the headquarters of Calcutta Tramways Company Limited?
What is the name of the first canto of the poem Kumarasambhavam?
In what year did Abu Nasr Mohammad Gaziul Haq win the Sher-e-Bangla National Award?
What kind of Bengali word is the word habit?
Which is the oldest script of Sri Lanka?
Is the state of Delhi Sultanate a predominantly Muslim state?
Who was the director of the first film starring Morgan Porterfield Freeman, Jr.?
How many atomic bombs does the United States currently have?
How many Surahs of the Qur'an mention Haj or Hajj?
What is the name of the first book written by Anuradha Gandhi?
What is the molecular unit of heredity?
When was the US network first launched in the United States?
Which is the largest temple in Tripura?
What is the name of the largest country in Asia in terms of size?
In which book was Cleopatra first mentioned?
Nur Muhammad Taraki was associated with which political party in Afghanistan?
Who created the world's first software?
Who is the current Vice President of Argentina?
Who gave the name Quantum Dot?
When was the Rig Veda composed?
When was the first publication of the novel River God?
What is the name of the longest road in Tripura?
In which year did Akira Kurosawa make her debut as a producer?
At what age did Sheikh Mohammad Nisar die?
How many books of poetry have been written by Dwij Kanai?
To which empire did the Chinese Empire fall?
Which branch of philosophy does not acknowledge the existence of God or Creator?
When was the British inventor and engineer Henry Knock born?
Who led Germany in World War II?
Which is the oldest cave painting in the world?
Who was the head coach of the Indian team during the 2015 Cricket World Cup?
Which part of psychology did Jean Piaz start researching?
Did Bangladeshi writer Ahmed Shafa use any pseudonym to write?
Who was the captain of Argentina team in 2014 FIFA World Cup?
Which year did Abu Yusuf Yaqub bin Ishaq Al-Kindi die?
Who discovered the archeological site called Mada'een Saleh K Al-Hijr?
Who is the first president of the People's Republic of China?
What is the reason for the war of liberation of Bangladesh?
Who is the current Prime Minister of Israel?
Where in India did the first research on chemistry begin?
Who is the lead actress of the movie Dhaka Attack?
In what year did England cricketer Michael John Knight Smith play his last Test match?
How many types of Fungus are there in terms of structure?
Does Swadhin Bangla Betar Kendra have any branch?
Who was the Secretary General of the Communist Party of China before Hu Jintao?
Who was the director of the first film starring Ashok Kumar Gangopadhyay?
In which language was the first film based on the life story of Mirabai made?
Where was the first Jain Tirthankara Bahubali born?
Who is the current co-captain of Bangladesh cricket team?
Who was the first Chief Minister of Assam?
Where are the first Supernovas seen?
How many people visited Hajj from India in 2018?
What is the total summer population of Antarctica now (2019)?
Where is the headquarters of Kashmir located?
How many colleges are there under the present Dhaka University?
For how many years was Suharto, a prominent Indonesian politician, involved in a political party?
What are the key parts of a river?
How many power plants are there in India?
How many books did Syed Ali Ahsan translate?
When did the concept of evolution evoke?
What is the name of the world's first book publishing company?
What is the name of the world's first video game maker?
Is Pox a contagious disease?
Which king or emperor introduced currency in India?
What is the name of Lalon Sai or Fakir Lalon's father?
What is the name of the first original play written in Bangla?
What is the area of ​​South 24 Parganas district?
In which book was the first instance of Urdu language found?
What kind of word is botnet?
How many teams participate in 2018 Asia Cup Cricket?
Who is called the pioneer of Bengal renaissance?
What was the total number of runs scored by the Indian team in the 2018 Asia Cup Final Cricket Match?
What is the official language of Finland?
What is the current population of the California Peninsula?
What is the name of Satinath Bhaduri's wife?
When did the popular Bangladeshi film Abdur Razzak get the National Film Award?
Who won the Russian Civil War?
Who is the current (2019) Prime Minister of Thailand?
What kind of Bengali word is the word monster?
When was the first indigo cultivation started in India?
When did the non-cooperation movement start?
What does the word universe mean?
How many cannons did the British use in the battle of Palashi in 1757?
When did the socialist movement in the Indian subcontinent begin?
In which country is the presence of shadow government first seen?
When was the first IT law passed in the Parliament of India?
West Bengal's fourth chief minister?
What is the name of the mother of the goddess Yogadya?
What is the name of the mother of Bengali Rabindra Sangeet artist and teacher Kanika Bandyopadhyay?
How many eras can world history be divided into?
In what year is Navadwip considered a municipality?
What was the last song that American musician Madonna sang in 2007?
Which religion did Vishnuvardhana, the emperor of the Hoysala Empire followed?
Who was the music director of the silent film "The Sheikh" made in 1921?
How many districts are there in the state of Andhra Pradesh?
At what age did ABM Musa start journalism?
What was the name of the first Bengali film about Indian philosopher Adi Shankar?
In an interval of how many years can Supernova be seen?
What does the word atom mean?
Who was the first king of the Tibetan Tsangpa dynasty?
In which year was the first successful heart transplant operation performed in India?
Where did the first Islamic philosophy originate?
Who is the current principal of Dhaka College?
What is the total number of students in Dhaka University at present?
Who is the current defense minister of Bangladesh?
Who was the first metropolitan of Calcutta Municipality?
When did the Islamic industry flourished in India?
How many orphanages are there in India?
From which word does the word bed originate?
Which is the oldest pyramid in Egyptian civilization?
Who is the current (2019) chairman of Arsenal Football Club?
From which word does the word obscene originate?
How many children did Sheikh Mujibur Rahman have?
What is the current population of the Native American people called Arawak?
What is the name of the first book on mathematics written by Johann Carl Friedrich Gauss?
When was American political activist Thomas Pine born?
Who is the Commander-in-Chief of the Indian Army?
How many types of Deeds are there?
Who is the author of the book on evolution?
Where does the word finger come from?
Where is the capital of Himachal Pradesh?
Who was the first President of the International Cricket Council Board?
When was Indian model and film actress Vidya Balan born?
When was the West Bengal University of Technology established?
Who is the proponent of atheistic philosophy?
Who is the current (2019) headmaster of Abdus Sobhan Rahat Ali High School?
Which is the capital of Andhra Pradesh?
What is the name of the first book written on architecture in Bengali language?
When was Allama Shah Ahmad Shafi born?
When was John Michael Osborne born?
Who is the current President of Russia?
Who invented the theory of social contract?
According to Greek mythology, what is the name of the god of lightning?
What is the current (2019) population of Samara city?
Which is the largest natural tunnel in the world?
What is the maximum voltage electrical wire used to overhead a rail?
What was the number of mosques in Maghribi mahalla?
What is the total area of ​​East Godavari district in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh?
Generally, what are the various type of disasters?
From which word does the word rickshaw come?
How many chapters are there in the seventh volume of J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter novel series, "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows"?
What is the year of death of the second president of Egypt Jamal Abdel Nasser?
Which is the smallest city in Kurnool district?
Who was the Turkish general right after Ikhtiyar Uddin Muhammad Bakhtiyar Khalji?
Which is the most populous city in Iran?
In what year did Anupam Sen become the Vice Chancellor of Premier University?
How much did it cost to build Macau Tawa in China?
When was the term fictional economy first used?
From which word is the word emoji derived?
What is the name of the element located in the second place of the periodic table?
How many short Bengali films have been released in Tollywood in 2018?
In which university of Bangladesh did Bangladeshi poet Mayukh Chowdhury teach Bangla?
What is the total number of lions in India at present?
What is the name of the first book written by Hemchandra Chowdhury?
Which is the main city of South 24 Parganas district of West Bengal?
When was Michelangelo born?
Who is the current president of Egypt?
Who led Bangladesh in the 1971 Bangladesh War of Independence?
Who was the first to discover the original book of Quran?
What is the total area of ​​Baitul Hikmah Library?
What is the total area of ​​Goa International Airport?
At what age did Syed Hasan Imam lose his father?
What is the name of Devika Rani Chowdhury's mother?
Yahya Khan was elected as the President of Pakistan serving which term?
What is the beginning of Islamic history?
What is the name of the previous Surah of Al-Furqan?
What is the name of the mother of Lebanese American social media personality Mia Khalifa?
When was the Sanskrit College of North Kolkata established?
At what age did Colonel Shafayat Jamil join the war of independence of Bangladesh?
When was the novel A Song of Ice and Fire first published?
What is the name of Satyajit Ray's father?
What is the birth year of Baskal-Bjang-Rgya-Mtsho?
What is the name of the airport in Coimbatore?
In which language was the Bible first translated?
Where is the capital of the Indian state of Bihar?
Where did Yale University come from?
How many countries did Hiuen Tsang travel in total?
How many types of wild animals live in the Sundarbans?
In which country was the first National Olympic Committee formed?
When did the world's first chemical industry begin?
How much did the Premer Kahini movie cost in total?
Where is Goddess Durga born?
Who was the last king of Gtsang-pa dynasty?
How many Bengali dramas did actor Utpal Dutt direct in his entire life?
What is the name of the last emperor of the Ahom Empire?
When was the Israeli national football team founded?
Where does the word GHz originate from?
What is the height of Sergio Lionel "Kun" Aguero?
What is the name of the first book written by Prophet Muhammad?
What is the name of the longest river in the state of Andhra Pradesh?
Which is the longest river in Bihar state of India?
Arnold Schwarzenegger is associated with which political party in California, USA?
What is the total area of ​​Masjidul Aksar?
What is the name of the first novel written in Japanese?
How many countries in the world are currently using digital currency?
Caliph Abu Bakr was the emperor of which empire?
When was Satinath Bhaduri born?
Which is the first institutional education center of Islamic culture in the world?
Which is the most expensive wallpaper in the world?
From which word does the word scripture originate?
Which political party Adolf Hitler was the leader of?
How many runways are there in Goa International Airport?
How many articles are there in the constitution of Bangladesh?
Is Hajj one of the five pillars of Islam?
Which is the first Hindi film made about Fair?
What is the current number of students in Motijheel Government Boys High School?
What is the name of the mother of Dwarkanath Gangopadhyay, a notable person of Bengal Renaissance?
When was Barry Wood born?
Who is the current President of Ireland?
How many kilometers per hour can a leopard run?
How many colleges are there in Khulna University of Engineering and Technology?
Where did the use of digital currency first begin?
Where was the capital of the Muhammad Ali dynasty in Egypt?
What is the name of the first president of Bangladesh?
What is the number of chromosomes in a female body?
In which country was the United States Embassy first established?
How many years did the Aztec Empire last?
When was the German Empire formed?
In what year was Quantum Dot discovered?
Nellore district is named after whom?
Which is the main city of South 24 Parganas district?
In which year was the first American film released?
Presently what is the total number of branches of Bandhan Bank in India?
When was the first film starring Vidya Balan released?
What was the number of the transgender population in West Bengal in 2018?
Which is the most important religious festival of Hindus?
Which is the largest district of Chittagong division of Bangladesh?
What is the name of the last emperor of the Kushan Empire?
How many mountains are there in Bangladesh?
Where was the capital of the Napoleonic Empire?
Who was the President of Bangladesh when the Brokers Act was enacted in 1972?
When is the construction of Al Haram Mosque completed?
Did dinosaurs exist in the Silurian era?
What is the name of the first book written by Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose?
How many colors are used in the flag of the United States Army?
What is the maximum speed of Noida Metro Rail?
What is the name of the first film made in Russian language?
How many gods and goddesses are mentioned in Hindu mythology?
Where does the Bengali word "Sakkhikoron" originate from?
Is there any biography of Vidyasagar?
Rule 184 introduced the tax?
What is the name of the father of Caliph Uthman Ibn Affan?
In what year did Sir Alec Guinness act in his first comedy film?
From which word does the word antibody originate?
Who is the first female writer in Bangladesh?
Scientists from which country first observed Supernova?
How long did it take to build the Farakka barrage?
Who composed the music for the Bangladeshi film "Seemana Periye" released in 1977?
What is the size of the continent of Asia?
What is the main food of the Marma people?
Which scientist was the first to notice the interaction of the nervous system of the brain with sadness?
Which is the longest river in North Korea?
Who was the director of the film 'Laudri di Bichiklette'?
What is the total number of chromosomes in the male body?
Where was Arnold Schwarzenegger born?
What is the current total population of Guntur district?
When was China Eastern Airlines Corporation Limited established?
What do we call the waste particles that are larger than 20 mm in size?
Who was the first king of the Yuan Dynasty?
What is the current (2019) population of Nice, France?
In what year was the first railway service started in Assam?
Do I have to reboot to attack Cold Boot?
When was the Pala dynasty founded?
When did Salman al-Farisi, a famous companion of Hazrat Muhammad, die?
How many years did Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart live?
Is rugby football the national sport of any country?
When was the Canadian Constitution made?
In what year did Umar bin Abdullah bin Marwan become the Emir of Arabia?
Where did the free software movement first begin?
In what year was feminism first introduced to capitalism?
When was the Quran, the religious book of Muslims?
What is the Bengali synonym for labia?
Who is the founder of Dge-Lugas sect?
At what age did Yashodaben Narendra Modi get married?
Who was the Prime Minister of Iraq when Saddam Hussein was the President of Iraq?
From which word does the word "scientific" originate?
How many colleges are there under Oxford University?
What is the current age of Shakib Al-Hasan?
How much does it cost to build Al-Azhar Mosque?
Who was the first Major General of Bangladesh Military Academy?
Where is the capital of Aceh Sultanate?
From which word does the word deed originate?
When was the Lenovo company founded?
How high above sea level is the capital of Bolivia?
From which word does the word agnosticism originate?
Who is the father of evolution?
When was the Feni Government College established in Bangladesh?
According to Hindu mythology, where did the monster come from?
How many Arab soldiers died during the Arab-Israeli war?
What is the name of the US intelligence agency?
What is the total area of ​​Mount Kenya?
Who made the world's first humanoid robot?
Which was the first book John Stuart Mill wrote on Economics?
Who was the first to discover a treatment for stomach ache of children?
The state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern belongs to which country?
What is the current number of students in Rajshahi University of Engineering and Technology?
What is the total area of ​​Pearl Harbor?
Which is the largest city in Thailand in terms of size?
How many passengers did Goa International Airport handle in 2018?
What is the name of the largest Hindu temple in the world?
What is the width of the ancient Churihatta Mosque?
What is the depth of the port of Colombo?
Which is the largest city in the Bardhaman district?
What is the name of the first poem written by Edward James Ted Hughes?
In which year was the magician PC Sarkar born?
What is the name of the first film directed by famous Bangladeshi film director Morshedul Islam?
Where does the word psychology come from?
Who is the current Chief Minister of Himachal Pradesh?
What is the function of white blood cells in human body?
When was the third edition of Ubuntu released?
How many types of thermodynamics systems are there?
In which year was the first Hindi film starring Madhuri Dixit released?
What is the current (2019) population of Delhi?
How many types of 'dwigu samasa' are there in Bengali?
Which is the largest city of Karimganj district?
How long did Yahya Khan, the former President and military ruler of Pakistan, join the Pakistan Army?
What is the name of the first version of Windows Server 2012?
Who was the first king of the first dynasty of Egypt?
Which hormone regulates blood glucose levels in the human body?
Which country does the state of West Virginia belong to?
Who was the main leader of Shahbagh movement in 2013?
How old was Abdul Mannan Syed when his first book of poetry was published?
Where does the word atheism come from?
What is the Bengali term for the word renaissance?
What is the name of the first book written on the Bengali language movement?
What is the name of the current (2019) President of Israel?
Who is the current (2019) head coach of Real Madrid Football Club?
How many gates does Lahore Fort have in Lahore, Punjab, Pakistan?
Who was the first Chief Minister of West Bengal?
Which is the main city of Kanchipuram district?
Where is the oldest saw pattern found in the world?
How many international cups has the top-ranked professional domestic football league of the Spanish Primera Division Liga Nacional de Football Professional won in 2018?
How many districts are there in the Indian state of Maharashtra?
When was the city of Calcutta founded?
What is the total area of ​​Sarail upazila?
Who was the first President of East Pakistan?
What is the name of the largest city in Uttar Pradesh in terms of size?
What is the name of the second Chief Minister of West Bengal?
How many years ago was the city of Jerusalem built?
Who was the cinematographer of the 1925 American comedy "The Gold Rush"?
Who is the current president of Japan Sumo?
How many colors have been used in the national flag of Bangladesh?
In what year did Lina Heidi create her production company?
What is the name of the largest lake in Nicaragua?
What was the official language of the Khilji dynasty?
Which is the largest city in California?
What was the number of people speaking Bengali in India in 2018?
Which Indian company was the first to manufacture condoms for men as a way to prevent pregnancy?
What was the average lifespan of dinosaurs?
Who is the current Prime Minister of Syria?
Has anyone from India won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry?
When is the beginning of modernism?
When was the Japan Sumo Company founded?
When did Tipu Sultan take charge of Mysore?
When was Khulna Public College established?
What is the name of the currency of Myanmar?
In which country was the first play-dough made?
Who was the first headmaster of Rajshahi Collegiate School?
When was the Oxford Dictionary first published?
Where does the word species come from?
Who built the GNU / Linux operating system?
When was Baby Moudud born?
Where did the first date cultivation start in India?
What is the name of the second film starring Bangladeshi actress Purnima?
In which language was Wikipedia first written?
What is the total area of ​​the Republic Square?
Who was the first to use the term blending?
Is mating with animals legal under the Indian Constitution?
What is the name of the current (2019) President of Tatarstan?
Who was the referee of the 2014 FIFA World Cup final?
Which team was ranked first in Rankings in 2014?
What was the total area of ​​the city of Fustat?
Who is the current (2019) Foreign Minister of Pakistan?
Dakatiya river is a tributary of which river?
When did the Islamic era begin?
What is the death year of modern Bengali poet Jibanananda Das?
Who invented the printing press, one of the greatest inventions of ancient China?
How many states are there in Bangladesh?
Which is the largest city in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of Pakistan?
How many glass manufacturing companies are there in India?
Who is the author of the first short story written in Russian?
What was the total area of ​​the Bengal region consisting of Bangladesh and the Indian state of West Bengal?
In which hospital was George Alexander Lewis born?
Which is the largest country in Asia in terms of area?
What was the temperature of the North Atlantic in 2018?
On which date was the Bengali film Baishe Shrabon directed by Srijit Mukherjee released?
Maulana Muhammad Ali Jawahar was a journalist of which newspaper?
How many districts are there in the state of Tamil Nadu?
Who was the founder of Ghuri Empire?
Where was the famous physicist Isaac Newton born?
How many countries participated in the 2006 FIFA World Cup?
When was Christian terrorism born?
Who was the first to identify the Zika virus?
What species do Pigeons belong to?
What is the English synonym for the word chemistry?
Is humor a relative matter?
What is the total number of shares?
What is the name of the first film starring film actor Madhavan?
How many years did the Sen dynasty rule in total?
What is the name of the current governor of Mizoram?
Who was the ruler of Afghanistan before Sher Ali Khan?
In which text is the first boy friend mentioned?
Which is the oldest book based on Charbak philosophy?
In which year did Syed Nowsher Ali get his law degree from Calcutta University?
Who owns the Arsenal training center?
What is the number of verses in Mahabharata?
Where is the source of the river Shatadru?
What is the current age of Mia Khalifa?
Where is the headquarters of the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan?
What is the total population of Bangladesh at present?
When was the first book written by American educator and political scientist Henry Kissinger published?
Who was the Prime Minister of East Pakistan during the genocide of East Bengal?
Which is the smallest country in South Asia?
Which country was defeated in the Second World War?
When was the Berlin Jewish Museum built?
How many people of Islam live in India in 2018?
Which is the first university in the world to teach International Relations Theory?
Which disease occurs due to the increase of plasma in the human body?
Which country was the first to introduce child marriage?
When was Matiur Rahman Nizami born?
According to Buddhist mythology, Vidyadhari is the god of what?
What is the name of the first translated book by Ishwar Chandra Vidyasagar?
When was the Oxford University Women's Boat Club founded?
What is the national game of Puerto Rico?
Which is the first mobile handset made by Samsung Group or Samsung Company?
Which is the smallest bacteria?
What is the official name of Pakistani currency?
What is the name of the first Prime Minister of Yugoslavia?
How many chambers does the Mexican legislature have?
What is the full form of the word AC?
Which is the first engineering science college in India?
Where does Howrah district stand in West Bengal considering the size?
How many kings ruled in the Safavid dynasty of Persia?
What is the Indian price of iPad 2?
South African cricketer Paul Lee Harris was a left or right handed batsman?
When was the first novel written by Rokeya Sakhawat Hossain published?
Released in 2008, how much money did US action movie Spy earned?
Who founded the Sanskrit College in North Kolkata?
Who is the father of Islamic philosophy?
At what age did Jawaharlal Nehru become the first Prime Minister of India?
Who Discovered DNA?
Who was the first to argue for the existence of a greenhouse effect?
For how many years did Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru serve as the Prime Minister of India?
When was the story 'Nakrucharit' first published?
When did astrology originate?
Who built the Channel Tunnel subway tunnel?
Who is the founder of Detroit Institute of Art?
How many Indian Muslim women won medals in the 2016 Summer Olympics?
In which year was the book mentioning natural selection first published?
Who is the current (2019) owner of Arsenal Football Club?
How much money did Saudi Arabia earn by exporting petroleum in 2018?
How many parts are the oldest holy scripture of Sanatan Dharma i.e. Hinduism is divided?
What is the total area of ​​Hisar district in the Indian state of Haryana?
How many private MBA colleges are there in Delhi at present?
What is the total area of ​​Dwars in West Bengal?
Which fruit is cultivated the most in Afghanistan?
Is the skin colour of goddess Kali or Kalika black?
Who is the current Chief Minister of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu?
How many eyes of the goddess Jagadhatri?
Based on military strength, which is the most powerful country in the world in 2018?
What are the main reasons for the expansion of space metrics?
What is the total number of verses in the 40th surah of the Muslim religious book Quran?
How old is the current captain of the South African international cricket team?
What is the total area of ​​Thana district in Maharashtra?
What was the name of Arj Ali Matubbar's father?
Could sea temperature variations be a cause of cyclones?
How many compartments does Duronto Express train have?
When was the BlackBerry company founded?
What is the name of the first novel written in Greek?
Where does Mexico stand in the world in terms of population in 2018?
How many atheist writers have been killed in Bangladesh in 2013?
From which ancestor did all living things originate?
Who invented Quantum Dot?
Which is the first expressway in India?
What is the height of Johnny Briggs?
Which is the latest film starring Ilyas Kanchan?
How many years did the 7th Ottoman Sultan Muhammad II live?
Which year did William Bentinck first come to India?
What was the annual rainfall in Antarctica in 2018?
When did the famous British naturalist Alfred Russell Wallace start his research on nature?
Was Steve Jobs, a U.S. entrepreneur and technology inventor, a co-founder of Apple?
Is there any mention of demons in Islamic scriptures?
What is the average depth of the Baltic Sea?
What are the types of global cities or world cities?
In what year did Walter Bruce Willis build his production company?
How many members created the D-Generation X?
How much did it cost to make the US disaster adventure film 2012?
When was the American actor Robin Williams born?
What is the name of the first book written in Bengali language based on semantics?
What is the current (2019) population of the state of West Bengal in India?
When was the Tamil film industry founded?
From which word does the word sociology originate?
How many books of poetry has Shamsur Rahman written in total?
What is the current (2019) number of students of Khulna Public College?
Who is the second emperor of the Qing Dynasty?
How many government airlines are there in India?
What is the name of the first leftist political party in West Bengal?
How much did it cost to build UN headquarters?
Who was the first king in the Homeric era in the history of Greece?
Which is the first film starring the famous Bangladeshi heroine Shabnam?
When was Madurai Airport built?
Who was the first President of Pakistan?
In what kind of rock, the fossils can be seen?
Is Uzbekistan a state-governed country?
Who invented the epigenetic theory?
What is the name of the current (2019) President of Russia?
What is the total area of ​​Kochi or Cochin?
Which district of West Bengal is famous for its Vadhu songs?
In what year did Indian law legalize same-sex marriage?
When was Chinese President Xi Jinping born?
How many honors courses are being taught in Tolaram Government College of Bangladesh?
How many years did Ala-Uddin-Khilji rule Khilji?
In which country is the fastest train in the world located?
Ernest Miller Hemingway was the first to work for which newspaper?
When was the novel A Song of Ice and Fire written?
In which year did Sachin Devvarman get the first Sangeet Natak Academy Award?
Which is the main city of the South 24 Parganas district in the Presidency section of West Bengal, India?
Where in the world is poppy seeds grown the most?
Who is called the father of mathematics?
Which was the first Bengali film to be shot in Uzbekistan?
Is red colour a symbol of revolution?
What is the current population of Chicago City?
How many branches of engineering are there in total?
Which is the highest mountain peak in South India?
Which is the last Hindi film starring Ashok Kumar Gangopadhyay?
How many children did Paul Thomas Mann have?
Nelson Mandela is called the father of which nation?
What is the name of the longest river in Canada?
When was the first book of poetry written by Shakti Chatterjee first published?
What type of Bengali word is the word God?
Is eating deep fried food harmful to health?
Where was Abu Tareq Masood born in Bangladesh?
How many people in Japan used WhatsApp Messenger in 2018?
Ziaur Rahman was associated with which political party in Bangladesh?
When was the Mumbai Chhatrapati Shivaji Railway Station built?
On what date is the Independence Day of Uzbekistan celebrated?
In which year was the Kriya Yoga established?
What was the occupation of Shawkat Ali's wife?
In what year did Abdullah bin Al-Hussein become the Sharif of Mecca?
What is the name of the world's first book written on social engineering?
In which city was Johann Carl Friedrich Gauss born?
How many series are there of the FIFA video game series?
Which Hindu God is considered as the god of creation?
How many madrasas are there in Kolkata, West Bengal?
What is the name of Dwarkanath Gangopadhyay's wife?
What is the name of the highest volcano in Japan?
In which year did Indian physicist Devendra Mohan Bose die?
What was the language of the Native American people called Arawak?
What is the current membership of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences?
When was the Ataturk Airport in Istanbul built?
Who was the designer of Umayyad Mosque?
What is the average lifespan of hilsa fish?
Abdul Aziz or Ibn Saud was a child of which dynasty?
What was the name of the first film directed by Abbas Kirostami?
When was the Ukrainian language born?
How long did the Iran-Iraq war last?
Which rank does India occupy in the world in 2018 in the export of goods?
From which word does the word mukhannasun originate?
In which city was William Ward born?
What is the total number of films made in Japan in 2018?
Who was the cinematographer of The Wizard of Oz?
How much money did the American drama film The Godfather Francis make?
What is the name of the smallest state in Bangladesh in terms of size?
In which country was the malware software first developed?
Who is the top scorer of 2014 FIFA World Cup?
When does bskal-bjang-rgya-mtsho die?
What is the official language of Berlin?
Who made the world's first water purifier?
What was the name of the first film produced by Clint Eastwood?
How many chapters are mentioned in Mahabharata?
Where is the headquarters of Hyderabad Metro?
What is the current total population of Johannesburg?
When was the book 'Bengali Musolmaner Mon' first published?
Which is the best time to sing Gandhar raaga?
Which is currently the largest passenger ship in India?
Who created the first random access memory?
Where did the word renaissance come from?
Who is called the father of mathematics?
Who is the author of the first book written on Ayurvedic medicine?
How many states does Great Bengal include in itself?
Sher-e-Bangla Abul Kashem Fazlul Huq became the Governor of East Pakistan in which year?
From which side is the Bengali script written?
Doesn't the censor board allow any nude scenes to be shown in Indian films?
Is poverty a cause of robbery?
When was the first Walt Disney Pictures movie released?
What is the scientific name of water?
Lord Ripon was associated with which political party?
Where was Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose born?
What is the name of the highest speed train of Indian Railways?
Who is the current Union Finance Minister of India?
Who was the Turkish general just before Ikhtiyar Uddin Muhammad Bakhtiyar Khalji?
Which is the largest city in California?
When was the Tribhuvan International Airport in Nepal opened?
Which city in the Andaman Islands has an airport?
What is the length of the flag of the Republic of Kosovo?
Which player of the Sri Lankan national cricket team has scored the most runs in ODIs?
Who is the current principal of Kurigram Government College in Bangladesh?
What is the name of the last king of the ancient Malab dynasty?
What is the total length of the film Agyatanama?
How many songs has Kazi Nazrul Islam composed in total?
What is the name of the first play written by Kazi Nazrul Islam?
How many sections of the Information Technology Act are there in the constitution of Bangladesh?
When was the Belgian national football team founded?
From which word does the word juice originate?
How many Indian skin tomes are there?
When was Professor Iajuddin Ahmed born?
Where is the tomb of Jalal Uddin Muhammad Rumi?
How many verses are there in Isopanishad?
How many international universities are there in Bangladesh?
Which empire ruled Tibet after the fall of the Qing Dynasty?
In which city of Bangladesh is the US Embassy located?
Who created the world's first operating system?
Who was the first to define sorrow?
When was uterine cancer first diagnosed?
What is the composition of the genetic code?
What is the name of the currency of the Republic of China?
What is the total number of ruku in the Quran?
What element in Cannabis is intoxicating?
Where was the first capital of the Chinese Empire?
What is the maximum punishment for robbery according to the Indian Constitution?
Which country won the most number of medals in the jumping competition at the 2014 Olympics?
Which book articulated the rules for observing Ekadashi vows for the first time?
Which is the largest state in South India by area?
What is the name of the first book written by Bangladeshi feminist writer Taslima Nasrin?
In which part of Kolkata city is the port of Kolkata located?
When was Hurram Sultan born?
When did Indian film and television actor Om get married?
What is the Bengali term for the word transgender?
When was the Mughal Empire founded?
Since when has homosexuality been given legal status in India?
Who initiated the construction of Konark Sun Temple?
Which is the first comic book in India?
In how many areas the management information system is divided?
When did the Afghan Communist Party form the first government in Afghanistan?
Which is the largest city in Greece in terms of size?
What is the total area of ​​the Republic Square?
How many Hindi films has Alia Bhatt acted in with Shah Rukh Khan?
Dean Ambrose, a professional wrestler, is a citizen of which country?
