How many cars cross the Crimean bridge per day?
Is the Clash in the American Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
Is it good to wear quartz?
What language do they speak in the Strasbourg Court
How many people lived in the Forbidden City in the 19th century?
How much does a monthly pass cost in the Moscow Oblast in 2019?
Where is the headquarters of the LGBT movement in Russia?
How much does a ticket for a ferry between St. Petersburg and Tallinn cost in 2019?
How many cars does Mercedes-Benz produce per year according to 2019 data?
How many children did Angelina Jolie adopt?
How to get from Kyiv to the Sofiyivka park by public transport?
What is the name of Led Zeppelin's first album?
What bird's voice has no echo?
How was the 100th anniversary of Konstantin Stepanovich Melnikov celebrated?
How many years did Peter the Great rule?
Is there a sea in South Ossetia?
Who built the first torpedo boat in Russia?
What is the name of the protagonist of the first season of the "Battlestar Galactica"?
What does the term "Nazi" mean?
When was the "Werewolf: The Forsaken" game released in Russia?
Has Gary Cooper ever been to Russia?
When was the first amphitheater built in Ancient Rome?
Who owns The PJSC Lukoil Oil Company as of April 2019?
What was the name of the last king of Greece?
How many metro stations are there in Yekaterinburg as of March 2019?
What is the average weight of the England national rugby union team players?
How many banks are there in Russia as of March 2019?
How many people did live in Nauru in 2018?
Which American artist's painting was sold at the highest price as of 2019?
When was the first diamond found?
How many types of military forces for the intended purpose are there?
How many presidents were there in North Korea as of now?
In how many languages are movies being produced in India as of March 2019?
How could one become a court councillor in Tsarist Russia?
What is the world's largest religion as of 2019?
At what age did Stalin die?
What is the age restriction for "Madagascar 3"?
How many ships were involved in the battle of Chemulpo Bay?
How many programming languages are there as of April 2019?
How many kings were prisoners of the Bastille?
How many years did the male pterosaur live?
What is the oldest bridge over Missouri called?
When did they first start to study neuroleptic extrapyramidal symptoms in Russia?
Which metro station in St. Petersburg is the closest to the Gulf of Finland?
Has Louis Pierre Althusser ever been to Russia?
How many copies of Final Fantasy XIII were sold worldwide as of 2018?
What year was Hirohiko Araki born?
What is the distance between Russia and Armenia?
How similar are Azerbaijani and Turkish in percentage terms?
What is the Israeli intelligence service called?
How many Shishkin lived in Russia in 2018?
What is the name of the tallest building in Vichy?
At what age did Paul I die?
When did the first trade union appear in Russia?
Do crocodiles live in Missouri?
How long did the Third Reich last?
When was "Argo" released in Russia?
What is the result of the Krasnodar Defensive Operation on 7-14 August in 1942?
Who was the chief designer of the "Afganit"?
What book did Alexander Petrovich Milyukov write?
How many children did Winfield Scott Hancock have?
How many members are there in the Slayer band?
Were the Sovremenny-class destroyers involved in operations in the Persian Gulf?
What is the difference between a landscape and a still life?
Was there a volcano in the Primorsky Krai?
Was Edmontosaurus a herbivore?
How many theories of the origin of the world are there as of 2019?
How many countries did the former Yugoslavia split into for 2019?
What is the length of Munich?
When did women's tennis appear?
How did Operation Cast Lead end?
How much gold is mined in Russia per year according to 2018 data?
Is silver being mined near Barnaul for April 2019?
When was the Ig Nobel Prize established?
When did the term "treatment-resistant depression" appear?
Did Elizabeth Taylor receive the "Oscar" for her role as Cleopatra?
What is Britney Spears' height?
How many albums did Nirvana release?
How many awards has Anatole A. Klyosov?
How many wives did Wilhelm II have?
Were the Tupolev Tu-142 exported to other countries from Russia?
Did Dmitry Mamonov have his own art school?
What color are the dinoflagellates?
When were Muslims divided into Shia and Sunni?
How many hours is the average working day in Spain for 2019?
How many years has Osama bin Laden lived?
How many people participated in Pugachev's Rebellion?
How long did the Golden Key Masonic lodge last?
Who was the first to define physiognomy?
At what age did Magnus Carlsen become world chess champion?
What is the first symptom of Parkinson's disease?
What is the name of the Georgian monastery at the foot of Kazbegi?
How many foreign students study at the Moscow State Technical University of Civil Aviation for March 2019?
When was the AK-47 designed?
How many types of calculators are there?
Has My Bloody Valentine ever won a Grammy?
How many islands are there in the Kingdom of Norway?
Has the Rosalind Franklin Award been established?
What is the most common Jewish surname in 2019?
What percentage of Mongolia is occupied by the steppes?
When did the first color film of German cinema come out?
What did Einstein have for breakfast?
How much did a Groschen weigh?
How many ships were sunk in the Admiralty Islands campaign?
How long were they making the film "Moscow Does Not Believe in Tears"?
When were Mongolian women allowed to vote?
How many people lived in Perovo in 2018?
When was Zinovy Petrovich Rozhestvensky born?
What movie novel was written by Vyacheslav Vasilyevich Bondarenko?
What is the name of the new era in Japan that started in May 2019?
What James Bond movie was made in Istanbul?
Can a tractor go on the high road, according to Russian traffic rules?
At what age did Genghis Khan make his first military campaign?
Has Fidel Castro ever been to Russia?
What was the rank of Vice-Admiral Nelson at the end of his career?
At what age did Usain Bolt start running?
How many denominations are there in Christianity?
How many copies of Resident Evil 2 are sold in Russia for 2019?
How many libraries are there in Perm?
How many tourists visited Chechnya in 2018?
Who was the first king of England?
What is the name of the largest British submarine for March 2019?
Who owns the Port of Hong Kong?
How much does football player Petr Čech earn as for 2019?
How many museums are there in Rome?
Which company produced the first computer?
Who was the ruler of the Cumans?
Is there a monument to Oscar Wilde in Russia?
Why do we give people a glass of water when they are stressed?
How many houses were there in the village of Borovskoye in 2018?
How many queens of England were executed?
Who owns Brooklyn Nets as of March 2019?
What coalition was in power in the Netherlands in 2018?
How many collections are there in the State Archive of the Russian Federation?
How many movies did the Coen brothers make as of 2019?
Where was the Voynich manuscript found?
Why is the Bloody Sunday of January 9 (22), 1905 in St. Petersburg called like this?
Is there a Russian church in Lviv Oblast as of April 2019?
How many pharmaceutical factories are there in Russia as of March 2019?
In what district of Moscow was the Moskvitch factory?
What was the first act Washington signed as president of the United States?
When was the Third Reich created?
Is there a direct flight from Arzamas to Moscow?
What was Viktor Nikolayevich Kopytko's first opera called?
In Russia, can a White Monk become a Patriarch?
In Russia, which iconostasis is the oldest?
What's the address of St. Petersburg State University's Department of Management?
How can you calculate a car braking distance?
When was the term "asteroid belt" used first?
Which was the strongest typhoon of 2018?
Which god was worshiped in Assyria?
Who was the first representative of the Beat Generation in American film?
How many meteors fell on Earth in the 20th century?
As of April 2019, is transpersonal psychology considered a scientific discipline?
How many MIG-25P interceptors have been produced?
Which prize was awarded to Alexander Isayevich Solzhenitsyn?
Why do Gypsies lead a nomadic lifestyle?
When was natural gas discovered in Russia?
Which Abkhazian mountain is the tallest?
In 2018, how many people visited Mercedes-Benz museum in Stuttgart?
In the 20th century, how many times Japan was at war with Korea?
Who was the commander of the Volunteer Army in 1918?
As of March 2019, how many walnut trees grow in Orekhovo?
Who is the chief designer of Pokemon Black Version game?
When was the Tale of Bygone Years written?
What was the year Daniel Mark Nestor became the world tennis champion?
In Japan, did the leaders of Aum Shinrikyo go to jail?
Where was Harry Potter born?
As of 2019, how many nationalities live in Paris?
How many levels does The Witcher 3: Wild Hunt have?
How many children did Douglas Mowson have?
Did Bruce Lee participate in street fighting?
Which African country was the first to gain independence from France?
What is the area of Ukok Plateu?
What is the firing range of Angara rockets?
How many Russian banks filed for bankruptcy in 2018?
How many gods did Rus' have during its pagan period?
Is gambling legal in China?
What was the longest flight taken by Viktor Ivanovich Belenko?
In Russia, how many years does it take to become a lawyer?
Where did Sergei Skripal's daughter go to school?
As of March 2019, how much does the game Kerbal Space Program cost in Russia?
Who was the first Executive Director of the People's Freedom Party, previously the Republican Party of Russia?
What is a radio signal?
What year was the Russian coat of arms created?
Which social class Guy Sallusty Crisp came from?
Which part of Russia produces the most natural gas?
Who introduced the term "good cholesterol"?
How can you join the Freedom Party of Austria?
Was Anna Karenina a fatalist?
What was the name of Ukraine SSR largest mine?
Can you find a monument to Gottfried Wilhheln Leibniz in Russia?
Who is the main villain of the Half-Life computer game series?
What is pictured on the Agin-Buryat Okrug coat of arms?
How many mountains were conquered by Freya Madeline Stark?
Do they accept rubles in Poland?
How did the Korean war end?
Was E-unit locomotive in the World War I?
When was the Left Socialist-Revolutionary Party formed in Russia?
Can dogs sense the blood sugar drop in humans?
As of March 2019, how many Russians reside in Chernivtsi?
Why does snail carry its own house?
How many awards were bestowed on Mikhail Alexandrovich Vrubel during his lifetime?
Who founded Khazar Khaganate?
Based on the data from March 2019, how long is the electoral term for the deputies of Russian Federation State Duma's Federal Assembly?
In 2019 India, how many people speak Sanskrit fluently?
What is depicted on Bogor's coat of arms?
In which city was Winfield Scott Hancock raised?
In what language does Russian Orthodox Old-Ritualist Church carry out its services?
How long was the United States war for independence fought in the West Indies?
How large was Gogol's nose?
How many Red Army servicemen perished during the Defensive operation in Orlov-Kursk direction?
When did they start using psychiatry for political purposes for the first time in Russia?
In 1925, how many Ukrainian newspapers were in circulation in the Ukraine Soviet Socialist Republic?
How many Russian tourists visited Jerusalem in 2018?
When was the game Crysis released in Russia?
What is the sister-city of Istambul?
How many people died in the Second Battle at the river of Bull Run?
Is mixed martial arts an Olympic sport?
How many serfs did the Count Alexei Bestuzhev-Rumin own?
As of April 2019, what was the population density of Mongolia?
How many Soviet officers defected to Germans during the World War II?
How many Cossacks became the victims of repressions in Russia?
How did the term "extremism" come about?
Which countries were supporting Russia during the Russo - Turkish war?
In how many wars altogether did they use Yak-141?
Which was the longest-lasting musical in the history of West End?
Who was the owner of the first Volga GAS-3102?
Who was the chief commander of the Russian army during the Seven Years' War?
How many types of weaponized parts does a rocket have?
How did Ayrton Senn da Silva lose his life?
Did Henrich Folmer support Nazis in Germany?
How was Intel Pentium1 created?
When was the movie Black Mirror: Bandersnatch first shown in Russia?
Who became the leader of Magyar tribes when they arrived to Europe?
In 2019 Germany, what was the maximum road speed?
Have they ever used Viper grenade launchers in Russia?
What is the Russian Ambassador to the U.S. salary in 2019?
Was Johann Wolfgang van Goethe ever in Russia?
As far as the level of corruption, what was Ukraine's world ranking in 2018?
How many types of psychoactive substances are there?
How many people perished from the eruption of Vesuvius?
Where was Flavius Magnus Aurelius Cassiodorus Senator buried?
Which gender is more often afflicted by obsessions - men or women?
When was Count Michael Alexandrovich born?
Where did the name Bataaf Republic come from?
As of March 2019, where would the largest Basque community be?
What was the name of Russian national volleyball team captain at the XXX Olympiad?
Who was at the helm of the 2016 Turkish military coup attempt?
Are Maxwell equations a part of middle school curriculum in Russia in April 2019?
What year was Diomedes born?
How many buildings were blown up in Moscow between the 4th and 16th of September, 1999?
How many Masons are there in the world in April 2019?
How many lion statutes are there in Lviv in 2019?
How many children did Nickolai Vasilyevich Naryshkin have?
Where was the largest amount of amber mined in 2018?
Who was the foe of the Russian Empire during the Seven Years' War?
When was the Berlin Pact signed?
What was the name of the highest-grossing Indian film of 2019?
Based on the 2002 data, how many Friulian speakers are there?
How many Russians visited the Republic of Nauru in 2018?
What is pictured on the coat of arms of Azerbaijan?
How much did a ticket to Louvre cost in 2019?
Where where the headquarters of Edsel?
How long did Hetmanate exist?
What is the price of a stamp in 2019 London?
What is the name of the largest Russian mine carrier?
Where did the fame about Odessa residents sense of humor come from?
How many T-90 Vladimir tanks were made?
How many world origin theories are there?
How many churches were built during the rule of Alexei II?
As of April 2019, in the Democratic People Republic of Korea, are women allowed to wear pants?
Were Angara rockets ever made in Russia?
What religion was practiced in Vietnam in March 2019?
Based on the March 2019 data, which European country had the most Protestants?
What was the name of Vadim Nickolayevich Levanov's most famous play?
Where was the first Russian pharmacy opened?
Who was the mayor of Smolensk in 2019?
How much natural gas did Russia import in 2018?
How many awards did Patriarch Sergiy have?
How many rooms are in the Palace of Versailles?
Who compiled the first Green Book in the United States?
How many "twins" did the Cruiser Aurora have?
Who wrote the music for the game Warcraft: Orcs & Humans?
What was the name of Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz's mother?
Where do the Jehovah Witnesses worship?
How many in Russia watched the movie Volt on the day of its theater premier?
When was the Russian first bodybuilding competition?
How long did the conflict in North Ireland last?
When was Zmiyev uyezd abolished?
Which male name was the most popular in 2019 Russia?
What was the level of illiteracy in Russia prior to the revolution?
How often does Italy hold its parliamentary elections?
What was the style of Johannes Itten paintings?
Which river flows through Nizhniy Novgorod?
Who was the father of Sergey Vladimirovich Kalinovsky?
How many streets are there in 2019 Rome?
How many Russians visited the Republic of Vanuatu in 2018?
What was the name of Serpukhov main enterprise in March 2019?
What was Tomsk called prior to the October Revolution?
How many Jews live in Russia in 2019?
Who is the Economic Minister of Russia in 2019?
Do Ukrainians need a visa to visit Russia?
How many squares are there in Saint Petersburg?
Can you buy carbines and smooth bore Saiga rifles in Moscow in 2018?
When did man start using fire?
Are Karachay horses racing in England in March 2019?
What year was American Film Institute founded?
How much did Russia's most expensive Alfa Romeo cost in 2018?
What is Sponge Bob Square Pants best friend's name?
As of March 2019, how many terrorist acts did Aum Shinrikyo carry out in Japan?
How did Varyag cruiser perish?
When did Breaking Bad come out in Russia?
How much gold is mined in Russia according to 2018 data?
When did Indonesia become a country?
What is the minimum age to play Yandere Simulator?
What was the maximum speed of T-90 Vladimir tank?
What was the length of Yamato battleship?
How many women serve in Israeli Permanent service in March 2019?
When did Doctor Who come out on Russian television?
When did the destruction of Mozhaisk kremlin happen?
How many ships did Russian fleet have in 2019?
What is the biggest enterprise in Kropivnitskiy called?
What is on the coat of arms of the city of Valuyki?
How many lakes are there in Ukraine?
How many Browning M1918 were made during the entire period of its manufacturing?
Which city held the Formula 1 World Championship in 2018?
How many anime genres are there?
What is the highest speed of Volga GAS-3102?
How many American soldiers landed in Normandy?
What does "Adventist" mean?
As of April 2019, is a consultation with child psychologist prior to school enrollment mandatory in Russia?
What is the population of Berlin today?
Who won the Russo - Finnish war of 1939 - 1940.
Who invented the artificial mechanical heart valve?
In how many languages was Strugatsky Brothers' Outlander translated?
How many years does it take to become a psychologist in Russia?
As of March 2019, how many characters are there in the Marvel Universe?
Who is the White Army officer?
Where are the most ancient cave drawings located?
What was Gogol's address in Saint Petersburg?
What was the passing exam score at the Department of Economics at Saint Petersburg State University in 2019?
Where can a small amount of dinoflagellates be found?
What is the average temperature in Stochhold in January?
How many museums are there in Moscow as of April 2019?
Could a swamp dragon speak in the Belarus mythology?
What is the name of the protagonist in the novel "Night Watch"?
How fast does a dog's heart beat?
In what year was "The Church Story" translated to Russian?
In how many movies did Gary Cooper star?
Does a bear eat its cubs?
What is the most common eye color?
How many levels are there in The Slims 4 game?
What is the The Fall's best-selling album called?
What is the title of the most popular game in the world in the Survival horror genre in 2018?
Who was the founder of Jehovah's Witnesses' organization in Russia?
In what year did the HRT F1 Team win in the start of the World Cup in the Formula 1 class?
What is "Breaking Bad"'s rating in the movie search?
Who was the first recipient of the Lenin Prize?
Where does the "Gilded Age" name in the USA come from?
When was Vana Parva written?
How many users of the VKontakte network are there as of April 2019?
How many countries are members of the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation?
When was the lawsuit against the Jewish Anti-Fascist Committee filed?
How many residents of Ukraine are Orthodox as of April 2019?
How many types of papyrus are there in terms of content?
What does the star on the Israel flag symbolize?
According to whose order was the first university in Russia founded?
How many Scots live in Russia in 2019?
In which saint's name was Anatoly Ivanovich Savenko baptized?
Who was the first member of the Union of Soviet Writers?
What is Putin's current salary?
In which city was the first Formula 1 held?
What was Meir Shamgar's mother's name?
How many copies of the Shattered Horizon game had been sold in Russia by March 2019?
What initiated the 2014 Crimean status referendum?
Who many people lived in the Republic of Siena in 1500?
How many countries participated in the World War I?
Is there a monastery for men on the Solovetsky Islands as of April 2019?
Which team did Roberto Donadoni coach?
An honorary citizen of which city is Volodymyr Mykolaiovych Babayev?
How many seasons of the musical TV series "Chorus" are there as of March 2019?
Which plant produced Merkava tanks?
How many castes are there in India?
What was Walter Benjamin's mother's name?
How many people have seen "Come and See" at a movie theater?
How many symphonies did Rachmaninoff compose?
How many children does Mikhail Mikhailovich Kasyanov have?
Is there a museum of the Slovak language?
In what year was guitarist Mike Smith born?
Which island has been sold for bitcoins?
When did a numeral system emerge in Russia?
Whom are battlecruisers of the Lion type named after?
Where was the fortification theory developed?
When was the videocassette recorder invented?
What was Edgar Allan Poe's educational background?
What is the weight of the largest Nile crocodile as of March 2019?
When did the "South Park" sitcom air in Russia?
How much coal was the Ukrainian SSR mining in 1980?
What did Andrei Vladimirovich Storozhenko research?
What was the name of the Drevlians' chief god?
Which nation in Europe drinks the most according to the 2018 data?
Are there any slums in Moscow?
How are the initials of Alexander II's sons pronounced?
What is the name of the first movie starring Amitabh Bachchan?
Who received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2018?
Who organized the Ruby Ridge incident?
What did Yemelyan Pugachev's trial end?
What type of forest is good for treating asthma?
How many copies of The Sims 3 game had been sold in the world by April 2019?
Whom does the Naval Aviation of the Pacific Fleet report to as of 2019?
What is the capital of the Manitoba province called?
In what year was the tsar family canonized?
How many Russian students studied the Japanese literature at universities in Japan in 2018?
How many movies has Alisa Brunovna Freindlich starred in?
Why was Ramil Sahib oglu Safarov pardoned by the President's decree after a committed murder?
How many monasteries for women are there in Russia as of 2018?
What is the distance between Earth and the sun?
Where was 3,4-Methyl​enedioxy​methamphetamine first produced?
How many people were hurt by the Ruby Ridge incident?
How many children did Frank Herbert have?
How old does one have to be to be able to play Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness?
How many fighters are there in Pira as of March 2019?
Who is the most decorated Russian snooker player as of 2019?
Who founded the first bank?
What was the name of the largest Russian ship in the Battle of Tsushima?
What is the name of the largest museum in Norway according to the 2018 data?
Who became the world boxing champion in 2018?
What is a model of the Soviet aesthetics in music?
Did Oleg Vladimirovich Penkovsky take part in the World War II?
What is the origin of the "One Mississippi, two Mississippi" jump-rope song?
Where does Alla Sergeyevna Demidova teach as of April 2019?
How many allies landed during the Omaha Beach operation?
Where is the largest mosque in Russia located according to the 2018 data?
What country is the birthplace of biophysics?
Why did Gogol burn the manuscript of the second volume of "Dead Souls"?
Do Russian tourists need a visa to visit Abkhazia?
Is there a community radio in Russia as of May 2019?
Who wrote the Bhagavad Gita?
What is the most famous museum of Saint Petersburg called?
When was Deep Purple included in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
Where does most of the world's amber come from?
What country holds the record for the highest twin birth rate as of 2019?
How many teeth did an adult Tyrannosaurus have on average?
What is the longest street in Semey?
What color was the first trolleybus in Voronezh?
What was the name of the female protagonist in the novel "War and Peace"?
When were the Iraqi Armed Forces created?
How many Wimbledon victories does Sharapova have?
How many people were killed during the Six-Day War?
Which clinic in Russia has performed the largest number of successful tumor removal surgeries in 2018?
How many passengers go through the "Minsk" airport daily as of 2019?
What is Massimo Carrera's mother's name?
How many children did Isaac II Angelos have?
What was the name of the god of forest in the Belarus mythology?
What was the total number of M3-s that participated in the World War II?
What was Apollo 1 launched?
Who makes radars for Mercedes?
Where could one have gotten Muslim education in the USSR?
What unit is used to measure the power of an air-source heat pump?
In what year did Petro Hryhorovych Hryhorenko leave the USSR?
How many teeth did a Tyrannosaurus have?
What does the name Childebert mean?
What is the largest square in Moscow called?
How many South Dakota-class battleships had been preserved as of March 2019?
What was Elias von Cyon's first college degree in?
Was Citroën DS shipped to Russia during the years when it was manufactured?
What was the weight of an M4 Sherman?
Who is the mayor of Tambov according to the 2019 data?
When was the contract-based military service introduced in Russia?
What type of government did the Celts have?
Did Russia export 2TE25Ks?
When did the Halo game become available on the Russian market?
How did Anastasia Nikolaevna's family members affectionately call her?
Who is the head of the All-Ukrainian Union "Svoboda" as of 2019?
What is the 2018 greenest city in Europe called?
Does a crocodile have deciduous teeth?
How many people in the world speak Russian as of March 2019?
What is the title of Lermontov's poem that children learn by heart in Russian schools according to the 2018 data?
How many times did Tito visit the USSR?
What was women's role in the 1917 revolution in Russia?
What was the first companion of the First Doctor in "Doctor Who"?
Who received the first Nobel Prize?
How many TV series did BBC release in 2018?
How many monasteries for men are there in Russia?
Is membership in the Palestine Liberation Organization open to Arabs only?
Who is the prima ballerina assoluta at the Novosibirsk Opera Theater in 2019?
What is the size of the territory in Russia covered with permafrost?
What is depicted on the emblem of the Ulster Volunteer Force?
Why did the band Nirvana break up?
Do Russians need a visa to visit Georgia?
When did John Cena win his first match?
Who was the chief architect of the Saint Isaac's Square?
How many torpedo boats does Russia have as of 2019?
How owns the Honda company as of 2019?
How many states are there in Polynesia?
How mand sand beaches are there on Malta?
Do they take US dollars in Warsaw?
Who invented the internet?
Who was the founder of the Leningrad Landscape School?
What was the most expensive mineral in 2019?
Who was the screenwriter of the "Metal Gear Solid: Peace Walker" game?
How many copies of the "Neon Genesis Evangelion" game abbreviated as "Yeva" in Russia were sold by March 2019?
How many types of wind are there?
How did the Italian campaign end?
How many state universities are there in Russia as of March 2019?
In what year did the British government forbid settlers to settle west of the Appalachian Mountains?
How many women district militia representatives were there in the USSR in the 1980s?
Did Darwin believe in God?
Where does the phrase "It's too late to drink Borjomi" come from?
How many Russian poets died in a duel?
Whom was the planet Ceres named after?
Starting from which year can women wear trousers?
Did Erwin Rudolf Josef Alexander Schrödinger ever visit Russia?
Is Los Angeles Lakers the most expensive NBA team as of April 2019?
How many Decembrists were sent to Siberia?
As a gift to which Tsarevich was the Alexander Palace in Pushkin built?
How many attempts to assassinate Alexander II were committed?
What is the mortgage rate in PrivatBank in 2019?
Who headed the 1848 revolution in France?
How many Borjomi bottles were sold in 2018?
How many parts of the Crysis game had been released as of 2018?
Which Japanese TV series was the most popular one in 2018?
What was German actor Ernst Busch's most famous movie part?
Whose photo was used as the prototype of the NBA logo?
How many times have there been fires in Moscow?
Who is the lead vocalist in the band Nautilus Pompilius?
What color are taxis in Barcelona?
Who were members of the last lineup of Black Sabbath?
Which region of Russia was home to the largest number of Old Believers in 2018?
Which wood burns the longest?
Which animal became extinct in 2018?
When did the National Settlement Depository join the Moscow Exchange group?
How many copies of Crysis Warhead had been sold in Russia by 2019?
Who introduced the term prebiotic evolution?
How many soldiers did the Allied Forces have during the Normandy landings?
What was the capital of the Third Reich?
How many movies were filmed in Germany in 2018?
Are Aleksey Pleshcheyev's works studied in Russian schools?
How many employees does Tinkoff Bank have as of 2019?
When did Savoy vote for joining Italy or France?
What is the name of the longest river in Israel?
How many notes are placed daily in the Western Wall?
How many fights did Alexander Vladimirovich Povetkin win as of March 2019?
What was the title of Nicolai Ivanovich Fechin's painting for the graduation competition?
What is the cost of a prayer service in Moscow churches according to 2019 data?
How many genders are there in the Russian language?
What happened as a result of the Three-Chapter Controversy?
How long is a ferry trip between Tallinn and Saint Petersburg?
Who is the Emperor of Japan as of 2019?
How many characters did Max Fleischer create?
How many Armenians in Russia profess Christianity as of April 2019?
How many children with autistic syndrome lived in Russia in 2018?
What is the name of Igor Yurievich Artemiev's wife?
When was the game 'Kingdom Hearts II' released in Russia?
How many Black Sea ports are there in Bulgaria?
What is the price of Super Nintendo Entertainment System as of 2019?
How tall was Hitler?
Do men in Vologda weave Vologda lace?
How many parts does the game 'Kingdom Hearts' currently have?
Who was the first Chairman of Russia's State Duma?
Why did Sevastopol become a Hero City?
How many languages was the book 'Neznaika in Sun City' translated into?
What is the address of the Ministry of Culture of the Russian Federation?
Who invented the guillotine?
How many E steam locomotives were manufactured during the production years?
When was France inhabited?
How big was Hetzer crew during the World War II?
How many Russian tourists visited the Great Smoky Mountains National Park in 2018?
How many German planes were shot down during Kuban air battles?
How many women live in Russia according to 2019 data?
Who invented the neon lamp?
What was Spartacus' name before he became a gladiator?
Who became the first Hero of the Soviet Union?
How many copies of the album 'OK Computer' were sold in Russia in 2019?
What is Bashkortostan's main industry?
What was the name of Roger I's wife?
What is the maximum temperature on Jupiter?
Has Yalta hosted the Olympic Games?
How many submarines do the Russian Armed Forces have as of 2019?
How many letters are there in the Siberean Tatar language?
What was the name of the ship used for the Australasian Antarctic Expedition?
Did Anna Karenina have children?
How far is the town of Zaraisk from Moscow?
How many people in the world died from anaphylactic shock in 2018?
Who was Guy Ilyich Severin named after?
How many Russian tourists visited Venice in 2018?
What was the name of Albert Roussel's wife?
Do Catholics acknowledge the doctrine of the Trinity?
Which assault rifle is the world's most popular firearm as of 2018?
Which country used the daler?
How many members were there originally in Green Grey?
When was the computer game 'Hellblade: Senua’s Sacrifice' released?
How many countries in the world follow Sunni Islam as of 2019?
How many books did Erich Fromm write?
How old was the world's oldest woman as of March 2019?
How long did Shikh-Murza Okotsky rule?
What was the price in rubles of a GAZ-21 Volga car in 1956 in the USSR?
Which Kyiv museum was the most visited in 2018?
When was the first 'Girl Genius' comic book published?
How many album copies worldwide did Pearl Jam sell to date?
Which disease did Queen Victoria pass to many European royal families?
What was the name of the first queen of Georgia?
Do Jehovah's Witnesses pray in churches?
Where in Crimea is the Russian Black Sea Fleet based as of April 2019?
How many awards did Percival Lowell receive while alive?
Is there a volcano on Buru Island?
What language was spoken in the Harappan civilization?
Is Masovian dialect spoken in present day Poland?
How old is Sheldon in the first season of the 'Big Bang Theory'?
What language did Kaspar Hauser speak?
Who is FC Chita's captain as of March 2019?
Were there Cathars in Russia?
Which tribe did Bela from Lermontov's novel, 'A Hero of Our Time', belong to?
What is the name of Lviv's biggest Catholic cathedral?
Is there a monument to Periklis Kallidopoulos in Greece?
Which river crosses the town of Berdsk?
How many shepherd dogs serve in Russia's security police as of March 2019?
Which European dynasty has reigned the longest as of 2019?
How many temples dedicated to Lakshmi exist in India as of April 2019?
When was Christopher Columbus born?
Who was the first to introduce the term toxicology?
What was the Superman's superpower?
What was the end result of the Kuban Offensive carried out from June 9/10 to November 7, 1918?
Is marriage between the Chechens and people of other nationalities allowed in Chechnya as of 2019?
How deep is the Kama River?
Who is the major shareholder of a public limited liability company governed by French law as of 2019?
To whom did Stanislavski say, "I don't believe you!"?
What was the name of the first Romanian tank?
What was the name of the first Russian television anchor in the USSR?
Who is the captain of the PFC Spartak Nalchik as of March 2019?
Who was the chief designer of T-18?
When did Nazism emerge in Europe?
What are traditional female clothes called in Gambia?
Did Liang Qichao die a natural death?
Who did Stephen, grandson of William the Conqueror, fight against?
How many people in Russia saw the first episode of the 'Power Rangers' television series?
Which place did 'Baby One More Time' score in the US charts?
Which blood type is the universal blood donor type?
Which book describes the Primordial Tradition?
Who was the President of Ukraine when Andriy Petrovych Klyuyev first became Vice Prime Minister?
What was the maximum speed that Citroën DS could move at?
What day is marked in Russia on March 26?
How old is Russia's oldest European beech as of April 2019?
What is the total number of caves in Israel?
What is the name of the windiest place on Earth?
How many seminaries existed in the Russian Federation in 2018?
Which year did the Winter War start?
What was the name of Procopius of Caesarea's wife?
Which African country has the largest territory?
Have the persons responsible for the Boeing 777 catastrophe in Donetsk Oblast been punished?
When was the National Socialist German Workers' Party created?
How many children did Boris Nemtsov have?
How many fairies were there in 'Winx Club'?
How are people living outside the area of Moscow Automobile Ring Road called?
When was Galicia divided?
How many brothers did Walter Stennes have?
Does Sylvester Stallone speak Italian?
How much did an adult ticket to Pavlovsk Park cost in 2018?
Who ruled during the World War II?
What was the name of Clinton Richard Dawkins' wife?
Where is Jerusalem first mentioned in the Bible?
Where does the river Ob have its mouth?
When was Bernard Sanders born?
What is the title of Megadeth's most commercially successful album as of April 2019?
What was Dmitry Sergeyevich Merezhkovsky's shoe size?
What is the total number of actors who received the USSR State Award?
How many people in the world speak German as of March 2019?
For how many months can Ukrainian citizens stay in the EU without a visa as of March 2019?
Who did Poseidon lose to in a fight for the control of Athens?
What is Kurgan in Russia famous for as of March 2019?
How many Caravaggio's paintings are there in the Prado Museum in Madrid as of 2019?
What is the mechanism of ATP production?
What percentage of voters voted for Zelenskyi at the presidential elections?
What was the name of the first Hungarians' leader who came to Europe?
Who controlled the Operation Bagration?
How many people in the world speak Armenian as of April 2019?
Where is the world's largest synagogue located?
When was William Seward Burroughs born?
How many children did Alexander Hamilton have?
What was the name of Percival Lowell's wife?
Who was the first to bring silk to Russia?
How do snails reproduce?
Who did the Arsacid dynasty descend from?
What is the main language used in Indian movies?
Does the absence of sunlight have an impact on occurrence of depression in humans?
Do the Russians need a Ukrainian visa as of 2019?
What was the reason behind Democratic Union's creation?
Did Nirvana give concerts in Russia?
What was the name of the world's second largest socialist state after the USSR?
Does James Bond speak Russian?
Were did gladiators live?
How many Catholics live in Russia as of 2019?
When was Jorge Álvares born?
How many Russian students study in Taiwan as of March 2019?
Are emergency health services free in Russia as of April 2019?
Does Turkey manufacture planes as of 2018?
Which museum has the largest collection of Nicolas Poussin's works?
Is swimming allowed in Baku?
What is the name of the tallest building in Paris as of April 2019?
How many awards did Yitzhak Danziger receive?
On the Internet, how does one determine that a website is protected?
What is the maximum speed of MiG-2?
What is the population of Novomoskovsk as of March 2019?
How much does a linguist earn in Moscow as of 2019?
How much did Vatican receive in donations during 2018?
When was Strely village founded?
Was the Soviet locomotive class FD used during World War II?
Can epilepsy be cured?
What is the length of a Grisha-class corvette?
Was Wrangel in Bolshevik captivity?
Which country has the most trees in the world according to 2019 data?
Did Queen Victoria have a happy marriage?
When did people first start writing programs in Fortran in Russia?
Are there age restrictions in the 'Silent Hill' game?
What was the lowest oil price in 2018?
How many children were born in Nikopol in 2018?
When was the Holy Inquisition abolished?
How many parties existed in the Netherlands in 2018?
Which party did the first President of the independent Ukraine belong to?
When was aircraft carrier 'Zuikaku' floated out?
What was the name of the last ruler of the Noricum kingdom?
Did the Silk Route go through Samarkand?
What was the name of Angelina Jolie's second husband?
How many shots per minute did SU-122 fire?
How many employees worked at Open Joint Stock Company 'Urals Power Engineering Center' in 2018?
Which company produced the first processing unit in Russia?
What causes the 'Blood Moon' phenomenon?
How many Romani people lived in Romania in 2018?
On which channel did 'Stargate SG-1' premier?
How many wars did Mikhail Borisovich Shein participate in?
How many children of William the Conqueror became kings?
Did Iron Man die in the 'Avengers' movie?
Where did Michel Foucault study?
What is the title of Freud's psychiatric work?
Is the spread of ecstasy punishable in Russia?
Which country had the highest percentage of Child Marriages as of April 2019?
At what distance from Earth did the Great September Comet of 1882 fly?
How many members were in the Pink Floyd group?
Does Sibselmash Production Association participate in the production of Russian defense products?
What is the name of the national dance of Serbia?
How many battles of World War II did HMS King George V win?
How many soldiers participated in the Battle of Moscow in 1941–1942?
How many monks serve in the monastery on Kizhi island in 2019?
When was Lviv University founded?
What word does the term "saponins" come from?
How many islands are part of Spain?
Did annexation of the Baltic states to the USSR go peacefully?
In what year did Perestroika begin?
When did the Phineas and Ferb animated series come out in Russia?
Which line of the Moscow Metro was opened first?
Where did Scott Moir win his first Olympic doubles gold?
How many times did great white sharks attack people in 2018?
What is the oldest metro station in St. Petersburg?
What is the distance between Paris and Nice?
How many people in the world speak Macedonian as of March 2019?
Which chess player came to matches with his cat?
What article of the Criminal Code of the Russian Federation deals with punishment for intentional homicide?
What speed could Vanguard-class ships of the line reach?
How many years did Vladimir Vysotsky work at the Taganka Theater?
Who led the July Days in Petrograd?
How many basic principles of structuring in the case of OOP?
Do people celebrate name days in Russia?
Do Russian citizens need vaccinations to visit Australia in 2019?
How many employees are at Sheremetyevo International Airport in 2019?
What was the name of the most celebrated Russian commander in the Russian-Turkish war?
What profession is most common among immigrants in Russia as of 2019?
Does LGBT people in Russia have the right to peaceful assembly as of April 2019?
How many calories are in oatmeal?
Where can we see the remains of a man of the Homo floresiensis?
How many light cruisers are in Russia in 2019?
How many battles did Timur (Tamerlane) win?
How much oil did Azerbaijan export as of March 2019?
When was the Red Dwarf franchise translated into Russian?
How many pupils studied at the Smolny Institute?
How many Palestinians were killed during Operation Cast Lead?
How many members are in the All-Ukrainian Union "Svoboda" in 2019?
Who heads the Greek Navy in 2019?
How many years did Empress Elizabeth Petrovna rule in Russia?
What is the name of the largest monastery in Russia?
What was the name of John Snow's biological father?
What is the name of the most expensive Japanese ceramic vase?
Which animal lives only on Sakhalin?
In which country was The Walking Dead: The Game developed?
Who was the first leader of Soviet rule in Ukraine during the civil war?
Under what circumstances was the city of Acco named Saint-Jean-d'Acre?
How many poems did Nizami Ganjavi write?
What was the area of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania?
Which flower was a symbol of the Japanese Empire?
How fast can the Sapsan train go?
How many years did Alexander Sergeyevich Pushkin live?
How long does the Dom-2 reality show last as of 2019?
Who was the first to prove the existence of the blood-brain barrier?
At what age could a person become a member of Nashi?
What date is considered the foundation date of Pussy Riot?
How many people became refugees as a result of the Sumgait pogrom?
How long was the Jōmon period in Japan?
When was the first heart surgery using an artificial heart valve in Russia?
How many ships cross the Kerch Strait a day?
What was depicted on the first daler?
What language was spoken in the Principality of Catalonia?
Who painted the Cathedral of the Icon of the Mother of God of the Sign?
How long is an episode in the Doctor Who show?
How many hours does it take to fly from Moscow to Yalta?
In the mythology of which people is Leviathan mentioned?
Which flower is a symbol of the monarchy in Japan?
How many Orthodox churches are there in Croatia as of April 2019?
How many copies of the Minecraft game were sold in Russia in 2018?
In which region were most people resettled during the labor mobilization?
Was Leshy immortal in Slavic mythology?
How much did a study year at the law faculty of Moscow State University cost in 2018?
Between how many countries was Poland divided after the surrender of Poland in 1939?
Why does metabolism slow down with age?
Is Baldur’s Gate II: Shadows of Amn translated into Russian?
How much is a ticket to the Mexico City's planetarium as of 2019?
How many inhabitants in Vradievka in 2019?
In what year did Dwight D. Eisenhower become the 34th President of the United States?
How many children did John Forbes Kerry have?
What play was based on epic theater?
What speed can a squirrel reach?
Who owns Miami International Airport?
What was the area of the Cordoba Caliphate?
When did people start studying physiognomy in Russia?
How much money is collected every day from the Trevi Fountain according to the data for 2019?
How much did an adult ticket to the State Historical Museum cost in 2018?
How many official languages are there in Lebanon as of April 2019?
Who developed the 406-mm B-37 naval gun?
At what age does an average person become a parent in Russia according to the data for 2019?
Is there a church in the village of Strely as of April 2019?
Into how many languages was the novel In Search of Lost Time translated as of March 2019?
How many metro stations in Paris as of March 2019?
Where is the Albanian Embassy in Russia in 2019?
When did the first gaming computers begin to be manufactured in Russia?
How many hours can it take to fly from Omsk to Moscow?
What was the name of Alexios I Komnenos' mother?
How many laws did the State Duma adopt in 2018?
Did Alexander Petrovich Sumarokov have his own theater?
Is Beckham left-handed?
How many vehicles are there per person in Russia as of March 2019?
Why did Andrey Andreyevich Vlasov become a traitor to the Motherland?
How many times the Antwerp fortress was attacked?
What is the population of Irkutsk as of March 2019?
How many ironclads are in service in Russia as of March 2019?
Where is Germany's largest stadium located as of March 2019?
What could Superman die from?
Representatives of which denomination are most in Lithuania in 2019?
When did gothic culture appear in Russia?
Who was the first commander of the Wehrmacht troops in Asia in World War II?
How many Supermarine Spitfires were shot down during World War II?
What fees did Deadpool 2 have in Russia?
How many copies of Baldur’s Gate II: Shadows of Amn were sold in Russia as of 2019?
Who invented the internal combustion engine?
Did Yaroslav the Wise establish trade with Europe?
How many teeth does Ovechkin miss?
When did the first envelope appear in Russia?
How many Tula pryaniki were made in Tula in 2018?
Were the BL 16-inch Mark I naval guns shipped to other countries from Britain over the years of their production?
Was anybody convicted of war crimes during the civil war in Syria as of April 2019?
Where did the song A Grasshopper Sat in the Grass come from?
How many attempts were committed on Alexander II of Russia?
How many battles did Napoleon Bonaparte take part in?
Did Yekaterinburg receive any government awards?
Do people with schizophrenia qualify for disability benefits in Russia?
How many the Kara no Kyoukai books were released in Russia?
How many wives did Marwan II have?
Which country did Serhiy Vitaliiovych Kurchenko first escape to?
What is depicted on the coat of arms of Augsburg?
How much time does an average person spend on the Internet in 2019?
How many women are there in A Just Russia as of April 2019?
How many types of welding are there at the moment?
Where is the Chevrolet Camaro manufactured?
How many employees worked for Zippo Manufacturing Company in 2018?
Were gray herons the subject of a falconry in Russia?
Since what year has school education become mandatory in Russia?
How long does a kangaroo pregnancy last?
At what age can a person play Crysis Warhead?
When did the first manhwa appear in Korea?
What numeration was in use during the Great Ming dynasty?
Who led the Union Army in the Battle of Chancellorsville?
How many people participated in the Kornilov affair?
Do Scotland citizens need a visa to visit Russia in 2019?
What is the longest ride in the Kyiv Metro?
How many awards did Grigory Alexandrovich Rimsky-Korsakov receive?
Can girls study at a theological seminary in Russia?
How many members are in the Presidential Council on Science and High Technologies as of 2019?
Was Azerbaijani nationalism banned in the USSR?
When was the Air Force of the Pacific Fleet founded?
Is obsession curable?
How many Resident Evil 4 games were sold in the world as of March 2019?
Where was the naval base of the British Empire in the Far East in 1940?
How many children did Albert Roussel have?
How many cars are manufactured annually in Tolyatti as of 2018?
Who are the Reds?
What monument was erected in memory of the Battle of Uman in 1941?
How many movie studios are there in the United States as of March 2019?
Which club did Alfredo Stéfano Di Stéfano Laulhé coach?
Why were the statues mounted on the roof of the Hermitage?
When was Chrono Cross come released in Russia?
Why was King Christian of Denmark called "the grandfather of all of Europe"?
Where did the first tunnel warfare take place?
How much does a visa to Austria cost for Russian citizens as of March 2019?
How many followers of Zoroastrianism were in Russia in 2018?
Who is the Minister of Security of Russia as of 2019?
What is the name of the famous song by The Strokes?
What disease is treated with atypical antipsychotics?
What is the name of the main festival of Buddhists?
In which country was the first bank established?
How many female patrol officers serve in the Dnipropetrovsk Oblast as of April 2019?
What was color of the full dress uniform of the police in the USSR?
What is the diameter of the largest beech in Russia?
Was Ivan Yakovlevich Koreysha married?
How many countries were opponents of Russia in World War II?
How many linguistic universities are there in Russia?
What is the treatment for Ataxia–telangiectasia?
Who was the Stanley Cup named after?
Which animal has the strongest olfaction?
Do the descendants of Lavr Georgiyevich Kornilov live in Russia in 2019?
When were Guild Wars first sold in Russia?
Did the West German student movement enter the German parliament?
How must did the most expensive stamp sell for in March 2019?
How many film adaptions of the Battle of Thermopylae exist right now?
What was Georg Myasnikov's wife called?
What is the area of a Russian billiard table?
What's the distance between Russia and Egypt?
Where is the oldest wooden church in Russia in March 2019?
When was Persia founded?
What is depicted on the hockey club Metallurg's logo?
How many people work at Mercedes-Benz in Stuttgart in 2019?
What is the capital of Chile?
Where in Russia are Air-to-surface missiles manufactured?
Where was gas procured most in Russia in 2018?
When was the Palestine Liberation Organization established?
How many Russian soldiers took part in the Battles of Khalkh River in 1939?
Who first used the term hyperinflation?
How many unsuccessful expeditions did the UK have?
What was the salary of a church pastor in Russia in 2019?
Who lived in the Vorontsovo manor house?
How many people were killed due in the Inquistion?
How many Russian nationals live in Tibet in March 2019?
Who was the first person in the world to drive a steam train?
In what year did Saakashvili become the mayor of Odessa?
What's the age restriction on Left 4 Dead 2?
How many years was the Tiger tank in service?
Can you visit Palestine with an Israeli visa in your passport?
How many Ainu were there in Japan on the 1st of January 2019?
How many Mennonites live in the USA as of March 2019?
How many of Gogol's books are compulsory reading in Russian schools?
Was Nikolai Nikolayevich Evreinov married?
Who was the captain of the Apollo 15?
How many works did Dmitry Sergeyevich Merezhkovsky write?
What was the outcome of the second stage of fighting for the Nevsky Pyatachok?
What instrument did Tsesarevich Alexei play?
Do Russians need a visa for Uzbekistan?
Which city in Ukraine was chosen as the most comfortable to live in in 2018?
Did the Ottoman Empire sign the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk?
What unit of weight did the Ancient Egyptians use?
Who is the head of the Pacific Fleet of the Air Force as of 2019?
What appears when the Cheshire cat appears in the book "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland"?
Why did the destroyer Spokoinyy get that name?
What is the population of Nizhny Novgorod Oblast right now?
When does Vanuatu celebrate its Independence Day?
Who was the first President of the First French Republic?
What century do the first written sources from Ancient Greece date back to?
Where are the headquarters of NASA?
Where is the largest car factory in Russia as of March 2019?
Has the group Marilyn Manson performed in Russia?
Where did the term Gal come from?
What colour of hair did Catherine of Aragon have?
Do they drink beer for breakfast in Germany?
According to the data how many abortions are carried out in Russia in March 2019?
Is there a swamp dragon in Belarussian mythology?
How many sides does a cube have?
What was the reason for the start of the Arab–Israeli War?
According to the data in March 2019 what is the crime level in Hong Kong?
Who possessed the highest IQ in 2019?
How many dynasties have ruled the kingdom of England?
Is Palestine a kingdom?
How many years did the Rus pay tribute to the Tatar-Mongol yoke?
When is the International Day for the Preservation of the Ozone Layer?
Who first introduced the term "placebo"?
What was the Ig Nobel Prize given out for in 2019?
How old was Kurt Cobain when he died?
What did the dog turn into in the cartoon Beauty and the Beast?
How many works did Andersen write?
Is military service compulsory in the Sri Lankan Army?
How many times was Catherine II married?
How many children did Alexander III and Maria Feodorovna have?
What is the largest battleship in Russia as of April 2019 called?
What conservatoire did Viktor Nikolaevich Kopytko finish at?
What was the cause of the fire in the Winter Cherry shopping centre?
Can you take leave in Russia due to depression?
Can a "white" monk become the metropolitan?
Who gave the planet Mercury its name?
How many children did Rankin have?
What was the first battle of the Second World War to involve Soviet troops?
How many sailors serve on the Russian aircraft carrier Admiral Kuznetsov?
What university did Gottfried Wilhelm Leibniz graduate from?
How much time does it take to get from Penza to Moscow by train?
What is the largest city in the USA by population in 2019?
How many people in the world speak German in 2019?
When did the first gaming computer appear?
In which country was the heavy cruiser first produced?
Which film won at the first Side by Side film festival?
Was the protagonist of Phineas and Ferb on Mars?
How many members of the Komsomol were there in the USSR in 1990?
Who trains Stéphane Lambiel according to data in March 2019?
When is the day of the city of Berdsk celebrated?
When was the monarchy overthrown in Greece?
How many false allegations are recorded in Russia in 2018 according to the data?
Is there a continuation of the Canadian fantasy TV drama Earth: Final Conflict?
Can a woman become Pope?
How many trains were produced in Russia in 2018?
In what year did Victória Fyódorovna Azárenka first become women's number one?
What is the President of Israel called in March 2019?
How many minutes does it take a ballistic rocket to fly from Moscow to New York in March 2019?
Who claimed to be the husband of Maria Nikolaevna Romanov?
Who was the presenter of the first season of the reality TV show Last Hero in Russia?
When was the 40th Army set up?
When was Ivan Ivanonic Trevogin born?
When was Alexander I Pavlovich born?
What was the first law passed by Cristina Fernández de Kirchner as President?
Who is the head of the Altayskaya Krayevaya Universalnaya Nauchnaya Biblioteka Im. V. Ya. Shishkova?
What became the most common girls name in Blagoveshchensk in 2018?
When did Geydar Dzhahidovich Dzhemal become the chairman of the Islamic Committee of Russia?
How many children did Muammar Gaddafi have?
What is the most popular model of tank in 2019?
What speed could the heavy cruiser Myoko go at?
In Slavic mythology are wood goblins good or evil?
What is the distance between Moscow and Miami?
Did Adolf Hitler have children?
What person can I play in the game Baldur’s Gate II: Shadows of Amn?
In honour of whom did Ian Fleming use the name James Bond?
What was the mother of James Lee Peterson?
What is the most common voice timbre in jazz?
How many trains are used on the Moscow metro according to data in 2019?
What percentage of the votes did Zyuganov get in the presidential elections in 2012?
What currency was used in the Kingdom of Northumbria?
Who was the first hetman of the Zaporizhian Host?
How many articles written to order go out in March 2019 in Russia?
In what month is the water in the Gulf of Finland warmest?
How many people work in Minsk airport in 2019?
Will Jacques-Yves Cousteau's son continue his work?
Where did the Cumans live?
How many members were there in the organisation Nashi in 2013?
What century do the first written records of the Russian language date from?
How many ships in total took part in the Battle of Tshushima?
What language is spoken in Galicia?
What is the village of Strela famous for?
Can a woman ascend to the throne of Japan?
Who were induced stem cells discovered by?
Which Georgian village is the highest populated point in the Caucasus?
Who was Maria Sharapova's trainer in 2019?
Who is the head of the Presidential Administration of Russia in March 2019?
Where do wrestling matches take place?
What is the pass mark in Russian language in the Unified State Exam in 2018 in Russia?
What is depicted on the coat of arms of the Shishkins?
What is the most famous work by Bertolt Brecht?
What is the percentage of mortgages in Russia in 2019?
How many songs were on the debut album of the Strokes?
The poison of which animal is most dangerous to humans?
What is the most southerly railway station in Russia?
How many copies of the The Hobbit, or There and Back Again were sold in Russia in 2018?
What is the central square in Biryulyovo Vostochnoye called?
What was the religion of the Khazar Khaganate?
How many currency symbols are there in March 2019?
When did Catholicism come to the territory of Spain?
How many kilometres is the coast of the Sestroretskiy Gulf?
What is mined in Kamensk-Uralsky in March 2019?
What age was Anastasiya Alexandrovna Vertinskaya when she played Ophelia?
Can scientologists have blood transfusions?
Who shot the first film?
When was the Vereinsthaler removed from circulation?
Where is the factory than manufactors Honda cars?
Did Alexios I Komnenos's son become emperor?
What was the reason for the Afghan War?
What is the tallest mountain in Georgia called?
What is considered as "Russian bread" by the inhabitants of Belgrade?
How many wars did the M67 tank take part in in the 20th century?
Is the erythroxylum coca plant grown in Russia?
Where is the Alexandrite stone mined?
How many people, as a percentage, suffer from migraines in Russia in 2018?
Did the Francia trade with the Kievan Rus?
Who was the chairman of the State Duma of the Federal Assemby of the Russian Federation in the 4th convocation?
How many years do you have to study for to become a judge?
Where did the Mozhaysky airplane complete its first flight?
What was the national anthem of Nazi Germany?
What does the word "Jew" mean?
Can children play Warcraft II: Tides of Darkness?
What size was the biggest dog according to data in 2019?
In all how many hydroelectric power stations are there in April 2019 in Russia?
What does the term chiliasm mean in translation from Greek?
Where was Fyodor Akimovich Griboyedov educated?
In what country was the first car invented?
How many countries were Russian tractors exported to in 2018?
What is the name of the biggest theatre in Tolyatti?
When were LEDs first massed produced in Russia?
How many years does learning to be a civil aviation pilot take?
When was the village of Nedashky founded?
How many seasons of Doctor Who are there in March 2019?
When was King George III born?
What was the king of the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth called in the years 1655-1660?
How many Russians visited the Wailing Wall in 2018?
When was aluminium armour first manufactured?
What is the name of the longest street in the city of Kholmsk?
Where is the monument to the Armenian alphabet?
How many lost children were found in Russia in 2018?
What is the name of the main male character in The X-Files?
What does the green color mean in Dostoevsky's works?
What is the biggest island in Greece?
How many gods did the early Slavs worship?
How much plutonium is dangerous to human life?
Why was Roman Yosypovych Shukhevych a controversial figure in the Ukrainian history?
What is the address of the administration of the Sokol District in Moscow?
When was oncological hyperthermia first used?
How many movies did Marvel release in 2018?
Who was the ruler of Babylon?
What university did Heinrich Kling graduate from?
When was the Xen World created?
Who was the woman from the Indian tribe who translated for Velázquez?
Was the use of psychiatry for political purposes illegal in Russia as of April 2019?
How many gold medals has Kaisa-Leena Mäkäräinen won throughout her career?
What was the hull length of the ASU-57?
Is Patrick Lewis Wai-Kuan Chan married?
Who was Stanley Milgram's wife?
Who investigated the disappearance of the Malaysia Airlines Flight 370?
Is there a term "law evasion" in the Russian constitution?
How many employees did the Russian State Library have as of March 2019?
What theory is Sigmund Freud most known for?
How many concerts has the band Kino performed throughout their career?
How many levels does Mortal Kombat have?
How much did the least expensive Mercedes-Benz car cost as of 2019?
How many assassination attempts did the Emperor Alexander II have on his life?
Were the Illyrians mentioned in Greek mythology?
When was the first heart transplantation procedure performed in Russia?
How many countries aired the TV show Carnivàle as of 2019?
How many members did the Bogorodichny Center have in April 2009?
How much did indulgences cost?
How many people a day rode the New York City Subway in 2018?
How many Russian tourists visited Mogadishu in 2018?
Who wrote the music for Grand Theft Auto V?
How many streets in Russia are named after Jaroslav Hašek?
Who wrote the lyrics to the song "When Your Friend Is All Blooded..."?
How many wars did HMS Bellerophon participate in?
What was Stalin's favorite wine?
Why was Justinian I known as Justinian the Great?
Does the Italian city Sassari located in Sardinia have its own coat of arms?
How many people lived in the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community in 2018?
Can a woman who got pregnant due to rape die?
When did the British Intervention in Greece begin?
What is a "Nobel disease"?
When did the St. Petersburg White Nights Festival 2018 take place?
When did the term counter-insurgency first appear?
What country had the most hackers in 2019?
Were condoms used in Europe in the 15th century?
Did Africa have totalitarian countries as of 2018?
How many people had psoriasis in Russia as of March 2019?
What company produces speed guns for the Honda cars?
How did the Amish group first appear?
Who used the term "shock" first?
Who was an outstanding representative of the Byzantine rhetoric?
How many battles did Heinrich Kling participate in?
Did Russians need a visa to go to Ukraine in 2019?
Did the Soviet Union found the UN?
Were ancient weapons made of animal teeth?
Are there dinoflagellates in the Black Sea?
Did the Kara class (Soviet designation Project 1134B Berkut B) cruisers participate in World War II?
What was the size of the ancient Mesopotamia?
How many citizens lived in Kolpino as of 2018?
Were the Grisha class (Soviet designation Project 1124 Albatros) corvettes in operational service with the Russian Navy as of April 2019?
What is the longest river in Moldova?
Where is the extant plane Jagdgeschwader 52 (JG 52)?
How many Muslims died in Stalin's Gulag camps?
What was the title of Vladimir Vysotsky's first album?
What is the difference between a cult and a religion?
When did people first attempt to study the transcriptome?
When did Freud describe the three levels of consciousness?
How many bridges cross the Neva River?
How many books does J. R. R. Tolkien's legendarium include?
How many teeth does Alexander Mikhailovich Ovechkin have?
How many Russian students studied in Augsburg in April 2019?
How many grams did the Polish złoty weigh in the 15th century?
Can you grow wheat without gluten?
How many cruisers did the Russian army have as of 2019?
Did North Korea have internet in 2019?
Did the Crimean Khanate trade with Europe?
How many times did Richard McLaren Nash win Olympic gold as of March 2019?
Who was the main designer of the Soviet locomotive class FD?
How many Gazprom affiliates are there in Russia?
What is the distance between Moscow and the village Alshikhovo?
What is the main plot of the movie I, the Jury?
How many Russian tourists visited Indonesia in 2018?
How many children did Johann Heinrich Pestalozzi have?
How many In the Zone albums were sold worldwide as of March 2019?
Who was the first queen of Scotland?
How long was Serbia a part of Yugoslavia?
Who was the head of the Russian Air Force in 2019?
Was Gaius Suetonius Tranquillus married?
What was George William Campbell Dixon's first play?
Are there gold deposits in Turkey?
Where did the first World War I battle with Great Britain's participation take place?
How many submarines did Russia have in its navy in 2019?
How many liters of beer does an Oktoberfest participant drink on average?
How many goals has Daniel Vasile Petrescu scored throughout his career?
Why is flying over penguins not allowed?
What is Quebec's length?
How can you join the Yabloko Party?
How many children did John Lennon and Yoko Ono have?
Who is the main character of the first novel in the Discworld book series?
When was the band Pearl Jam formed?
Was the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists neutralized by the Russian forces during World War II?
What could you find in the Narkomfin Building as of March 2019?
Did Yevgeny Mironov play in the movie Matilda?
How much aviation equipment did the Georgian side lose?
When was the first Svetlana-class cruiser launched?
Did Homer have disciples?
Did Roger Federer win in the Grand Slam tournaments as of 2019?
When was the SSL protocol created?
Did Led Zeppelin perform concerts in Russia?
How many hours was Apollo 15 in space?
What city does Kimi Räikkönen come from?
How big was the first rifle made in Russia?
What product did China export with the most profits in 2018?
How many main characters are there in the movie Brigada?
Did Noricum go to war against the Roman Empire?
Did Ukraine have Ruthenian schools as of April 2019?
What countries have Sberbank affiliates?
When did Clannad first enter the Russian market?
What is the distance between the Earth and the Moon?
When was the first hardy chrysanthemum bush brought to Russia?
What was the most populous city in Siberia as of March 2019?
Who ruled the north regions of Tajikistan before their inclusion to the Russian Empire in 1860?
How many people participated in the French Resistance?
How many ships participated in the Battles of Narvik?
How much did Final Fantasy VII cost in Russia as of March 2019?
How many Republican presidents did the USA have as of 2019?
Who was the main character in the TV show Transformers: Cybertron?
How many Turkish soldiers fought in World War II?
Was it possible to play the game Need for Speed: Most Wanted for free in Russia as of April 2019?
What is the maximum speed of Mercedes-Benz 222?
What camp was Maya Plisetskaya's mother put in to serve her sentence?
What Russian region has the biggest oil reserves?
When was Charles Dickens born?
How can someone take part in clinical trials in Russia?
What was the maximum flying range of the air-to-surface missile as of March 2019?
What was the first legislative act of the Council of the President of the Russian Federation for Science and High Technology?
Do people in Mongolia eat pork?
What flower has the strongest smell?
Who invented the first train?
Who was the most representative of Soviet aesthetics?
How long did Anders' Army exist?
When was the Phoenix Suns team formed?
How many universities did Stavropol Krai have in 2019?
What was Dmitry Peskov's salary as of 2019?
Were there any active mines in the Kingdom of Cambodia as of May 2019?
How many medical universities did Russia have as of 2019?
Where was the Rabbit hurrying to when Alice saw him for the first time?
What was the budget of the movie Panfilov's 28 Men?
How many planes crashed worldwide in 2018?
Do Russians need a visa to go to Indonesia?
What was the name of Jacques-Yves Cousteau's submarine?
When was the first Soviet football championship after World War II?
How much did a ticket to the London Eye cost in 2019?
When did Suvorov cross the Alps?
How many rounds per minute could the 76-mm divisional gun M1936 (F-22) achieve?
What was the minimum monthly wage in Kaluga in 2019?
How many women served in Mossad in 2018?
Who was Günter Wilhelm Grass's wife?
Who led the white population during the Mughan protest?
How long does it take to drive from Kyiv to Kropyvnytskyi?
Who established the first State Duma of the Russian Empire?
Who advocated for Trotskyism the most?
When was the Southern Front during World War II formed?
How many bridges does Stockholm have?
How many wives did Boris Nemtsov have?
Was Sir Ernest Henry Shackleton born with the title "sir"?
Who discovered the 5-HT2A receptor?
What was the length of the longest Nile crocodile living in captivity as of March 2019?
How many awards did the western The Good, the Bad and the Ugly get?
What was the most common last name among Germans who lived in St. Petersburg before the revolution?
Who introduced the term "hard problem of consciousness"?
How many people participated in the Battle of Uman in 1941?
How many battles did Marcus Antonius win?
Who was Friedrich Schelling's wife?
How old is Tidus?
How many teeth does a newborn foal have?
How many awards did Vladimir Vysotsky receive?
Where is the biggest mosque in Iran?
Was there a Slovak language museum in 2019?
When was the Freedom Party of Austria founded?
What is the name of the national dance of Chechens-Aukhs?
Who was the first anarchist in Russia?
What is the length of the D River in the USA that is considered the shortest river in the world?
How many exhibit items does the Prado Museum in Madrid have?
When was Hadji Mohammed khan born?
What is the advantage of a light cruiser over a protected cruiser?
Who led the Army of the South during the American Civil War?
When was Barcelona founded?
How many people were arrested in Russia as a result of the constitutional crisis of 1993?
How many times since its foundation was Astana renamed as of 2019?
What was the size of the Safavid Empire during its heyday?
How many Germans lived in St. Petersburg before the October Revolution?
How many games did David Beckham play for the England national football team?
Who justified the photon's existence?
Which saint is the patron saint of St. Petersburg?
What language was spoken in the Khazar Kaganate?
What is the official religion of Mali for April 2019?
Who was the pilot of the first MiG-9 who flew?
How many victories did the North Virginia army gain?
How many people participated in the liberation of the school in Beslan?
At what age did the prince die Adjutant General Konstantin Konstantinovich?
Who is the head of the Moscow Patriarchate for March 2019?
How many Catholic cathedrals do you have in Ekaterinburg in March 2019?
Has the Atmosphere of Jupiter a clear lower boundary?
How much did a first-class ticket on the first flight on the Eastern Express cost?
Why did Germany finance the Bolsheviks?
How many hydropower plants were built in the Ukrainian SSR during the Soviet Union?
What is the age limit for BioShock?
How many albums does David Bowie have for 2019?
Where was the first radar developed?
Who led the US Army in the Battle of Iwo Jima?
What kind of bird lives only in Khabarovsk region?
Why are the Taj Mahal towers tilted?
Where is George Stirk's portrait kept?
When did you first start studying Scholastics in Russia?
How much does gas cost for the population in Ukraine as of March 2019?
What was Yugoslavia's capital like?
What's the average height of a beech?
What century does the first coin date?
In what region of Russia is the most common northern dialect of the Russian language as of March 2019?
How many of Wang's predictions came true for 2019?
How many albums has Pink Floyd released for 2019?
What was the interest on the mortgage loan in the "National Settlement Depository" in 2018?
What's the name of the biggest university in Oklahoma City?
How many Syrian soldiers studied in Russia in 2018?
How many lymph nodes are there in the human body?
Charles Darwin believed in the existence of God?
Did the sign of GOST have respirators SHB "Petal"?
What concept did Jürgen Haubermas create?
In what year was heroin listed as an illegal substance?
How much does a glass of beer cost on average in Munich as of 2019?
Did the Entente countries win the First World War?
What was depicted on the coat of arms of the Holy Roman Empire?
Entrance to the Mausoleum of Vladimir Ilyich Leonin was free in Soviet times?
How many years did Celine Dion's marriage last?
Which section of the human brain is responsible for making decisions?
How many Hermans were there in antiquity?
Which building is the tallest in Montreal?
What is the name of the largest plant in Tomsk for March 2019?
When did the Karaites come to the Crimea?
Which building in Russia is the first to be built in the Baroque style?
How many languages did Alexandra Danish speak?
Who was the first gentleman of the Knight's Iron Cross in Germany?
How many oligarchs lived in Ukraine in 2018?
How many Russian-Chinese wars were there in total?
What was the name of the most commercially successful Bi-2 album for April 2019?
How many members of the Apple Party as of March 2019?
How many capitals were there in the Russian Empire?
When did the first Simpsons game come out?
What kind of silver samples were used to make the daler?
When was Pavlovsky Park laid out?
When did "SimCity 2000" first come out on PlayStation?
How many lips does a honeybee have?
How tall is Beckham?
In how many countries is Russian an official language?
What is depicted on the Rostov coat of arms?
How many Armenians died during the Armenian Genocide?
How many titles does Roger Federer have for 2019?
How many years did Caesar rule?
How many female soldiers served in the Bulgarian army in 2018?
How many football clubs are there in Russia as of March 2019?
When was the first oil refinery built in Russia?
What is the name of the main character in the novel Kanon?
How many copies of Limbo were sold in Russia as of April 2019?
How far is the B-37 406mm sea gun?
How many Russian soldiers participated in the storming of Ganja?
When was the first monument to Lenin erected in the USSR?
Where is the longest aqueduct in Turkey?
How many districts in Tel Aviv?
What are the years of Rurik's reign?
How many times has The Beatles changed its line-up?
How long was the longest chess game in Russia according to the data of 2018?
How many libraries were there in Veliky Novgorod in 2018?
When did the science of paleontology come into being?
Has the Cy-27 been delivered to other countries during the production years?
What is the number of Crimean Tatars in the world for 2018?
What was the reason for the start of the Wanda Rebellion?
How many awards did "The Story in Phoenix City" get?
Is there a self-portrait of Nicolas Poussin that has survived to this day?
What is the salary of the Moscow City Duma member in 2019?
Who became Wrestling World Champion in 2018?
Is Queen Elizabeth II happy in her marriage?
Does lavender cure insomnia?
Did Ana Ioannovna have children?
How many employees work at Valve as of March 2019?
What color is the front uniform of the Russian police?
Who played the captain in the series "Star Cruiser" Galaxy "?
When was divisional artillery first formed in Russia?
When was divisional artillery first formed in Russia?
Do schools in Russia vaccinate against influenza?
How many kinds of Azerbaijani carpets are there?
Which industry is the most profitable in Donetsk?
How many children does Arshavin have as of 2019?
How many years was Russia under the Mongol yoke?
What was the name of the largest battle in the Russo-Polish War of 1792?
Is it true that Nero set fire to Rome himself?
Were there any women in the Hong Kong Triads?
Who commanded the Leningrad-Novgorod operation from the Red Army?
Will they learn the Friulian language in Russian schools in 2018?
When did the series "Friends" come out in Russia?
When did they first start producing incandescent Lamps in Russia?
What hospital was Britney Spears treated at in 2019?
Who first suggested the term Ecosystem?
What country has the fastest train for 2019?
How long did the defense of Porta Arthur last?
Where is the base of the Russian Black Sea Fleet?
How is the Bugatti brand name translated?
Who is the captain of D.C. United in 2019?
What was the first style in Russian architecture?
How many flights did the Mozhaisk Airplane make?
Are whales being caught in Russian waters for March 2019?
How many inhabitants of the European Union have Russian nationality as of 2018?
How long was the reign of the Perseids?
How many children were born in Balashikha in 2018?
When was the first case of the obsession registered?
In which category did Megadeth win the Grammy Award?
How many Greeks died at the Battle of Sakarya?
How many people became refugees as a result of the Georgian-Abkhazian dispute?
When was the Canadian company Mainframe founded?
How many large anti-submarine ships of Project 1134-A are in Russian service as of April 2019?
When was the first MiG-2 released?
What war did the ship "Poltava" take part in?
Does the U.S. states have broad legislative rights?
How much memory was in the first graphics card?
In Iran, women have equal rights with men?
What is the most popular female name among Jews for 2019?
How old is the Wailing Wall?
What does the word "hippopotamus" mean?
How many members are there in the LDPR-Liberal Democratic Party of Russia as of March 2019?
At what factory was the first mass production of radio in Russia?
What was the name of Spartacus' beloved?
Does a gold medal give an exemption on admission to Moscow State University, for March 2019?
What museum conducts excavations in the ancient city of Nymphae in Crimea?
How many marriages were concluded between Russians and Africans in 2018?
Who owns the Phoenix Suns for April 2019?
Do Romanian language schools study in Russia?
What was the name of Haji Muhammad's wife?
How many nails does a squirrel have?
Which party is the largest in Ukraine in 2019?
How many pilots can be in the cockpit of a MiG-9 while flying?
On the basis of which corps the 40th Army of the USSR was formed in August 1941?
What power did Stella at the Winx Club have?
Was there a female cosmonaut on Apollo 16?
How many beats does the heart produce per minute?
How many Nobel laureates in chemistry are there in Russia today?
Was Samarkand inscribed on the UNESCO Heritage List?
What was the name of Oleg Vladimirovich Penkivsky's mother?
When was "ReBoot" shown in Russia?
Which battle was the last one in World War II?
How many years has Alexandr Stepanovich Antonov lived?
What year was the "Whip Rebellion"?
When was the Aurora cruiser built?
When did the term "gays" appear in Russia?
How many museums are there in the Netherlands as of April 2019?
Who was the first to be included in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?
Where is the original of Newton's lifetime pint?
How many Grammy awards did Emmila Harris get for 2019?
How many years did the Karabakh conflict last?
Who invented the aspirin?
When did the term introversion first appear?
Is the construction of the main cascade in Yerevan completed for 2019?
People of what nationality lived in Galicia?
What was Phil Carlson's mother's name?
What is the name of the world's most dangerous predator for humans?
What is the criminal penalty for counterfeiting in Russia today?
How many awards did Alexey Petrovich Yermolov receive in his life?
How many Super Nintendo Entertainment Systems were sold in Russia?
Who performed at the X Congress of the Russian Communist Party?
How many films were made in Bollywood in 2018?
Who invented the Pink Floyd logo?
How many counties were there in the Russian Empire in 1917?
When was Palestine formed?
Who wrote the music for the movie "This Is It All"?
When did Russia start producing the first generators?
Did Servius Sulpicius Galba become an emperor by right of inheritance?
What was the weight of the BA-64?
When did the novel "Scriabin as a Face" come out in Russia?
When did "Stolen Earth" come out?
How much did the first train weigh?
Does Spain have colonies in 2019?
How many Babkins lived in Babkino in 2018?
When was the husky breed brought out?
Who is at the head of the Donetsk People's Republic in 2019?
How many queens are there in the honeybee hive?
In what year did HRT F1 Team take part in the start of the World Championship in Formula 1 class?
Who owns Taiwan in March 2019?
When is Sverdlovsk City Day celebrated?
Where is the mountain named after Clemente Robbert Marcem?
How many battles did Mithridates VI Evpator win?
How many people were injured in Vyborg-Petrozavodsk operation?
Did an Islamic newspaper get published in Russia in 2018?
In what year was the Austrian conductor Paur born?
Where does the action of Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness take place?
Where did Sergei Viktorovich Pugachev die?
Since what age can one become a monk in Russia?
How did the Tichborne case end?
How many genres of computer games are there in March 2019?
How many rackets did Safin break?
How many nationalities lived in the Nenets Autonomous Okrug in 2018?
What was the name of the first film in the fantasy genre?
What color is the D.C. United logo?
Who played the lead role in the movie "The Phenix City Story?"
When was the UN Security Council founded?
Who played the lead male role in the movie "I Walk Alone?"
How many articles are there in the Russian Criminal Code as of 2019?
How many cartoons about The Three Bogatyrs are there?
Who is India's wealthiest man as of 2019?
Did Spyros Panagiotis Skouras visit the USSR?
When did wrestling become an Olympic sport?
Can diabetes be cured?
In what comic book the hero's name is Doctor Octopus?
Are marriages between Mormons and Orthodox Christians allowed?
Did the son of Isabeau of Bavaria become king?
How many countries were involved in the Great Northern War?
Where did the word "bistro" come from in French?
What percentage of the Russian population are homosexuals as of 2019?
How many children did Maksim Adamavič Bahdanovič have?
Why was William the Conqueror called the Conqueror?
How many seas are there on Earth?
In what museum can you see the T-60 scout tank?
Who coined the term "Kazakhization"?
How far is the Ascension Convent from Moscow?
How to become a monk of the Ascension Convent?
Who was the famous master of Armenian cross-stones?
In what year did Newton state the law of gravity?
How much does it cost to enter the Arkhangelskoye State Museum Estate?
Has William Seward Burroughs ever been to Russia?
How many species of armadillo exist as of March 2019?
What bank is the largest in Russia in 2019?
When was the military holiday of the Terek Cossacks celebrated?
How old was Hitler when he killed himself?
When was the crater on the moon named after Publius Cornelius Tacitus?
What is the longest tram in the world as of March 2019?
How many days did "December Nights" last in 2018?
Can Monegasques gamble in Monaco casinos?
Who led the rebels in the Syrian civil war in 2011?
How much marble does Greece produce per year as of 2018?
At what age did Ivan Turgenev write his first novel?
Where did George Fox study?
In what year did the ruble become a convertible currency?
How many universities are there in Samarkand as of April 2019?
When was the first battleship built in Russia?
Who was the last prince of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania?
When was Astana renamed to Nur-Sultan?
How many tribes live on the Ukok Plateau?
When was the term "actinides" first introduced?
Does Russia have natural resources of lanthanides?
How many bridges are there in Paris?
Where did Ukraine open its first embassy?
Did Vasily Chapayev have a sense of humor?
How many official rooftop accesses are there in St. Petersburg today?
How many GAZ M21 Volga were exported in 1965?
How many years did Peter the Great rule?
How many people in Russia speak Japanese as of 2019?
Did the USA use the M67 tank in the Vietnam War?
In what country was Warcraft II: Tides of Darkness first released?
How much oil was produced in Syria in 2018?
What is the most populated city in Germany?
Do they produce the FGR-17 Viper in 2019?
When was the first iron cage made?
How many presidents were there in Russia as of 2019?
When was the party of Mensheviks founded in Russia?
What is the name of the most popular song of Konstantin Nikolayevich Nikolsky?
Who was Poseidon's older brother?
How many mental health hospitals are there in Russia as of March 2019?
What is the name of the stone bridge in Sarajevo?
Who played the Doctor in the first season of "Doctor Who"?
What is the radiation level in Pripyat in 2019?
How many soldiers served on Battleship Iowa in 1989?
Is Bryullov's wife depicted in "The Last Day of Pompeii"?
Who is the author of Japanese swords fencing treatise "Seven rings"?
Who is the composer of Warcraft II: Tides of Darkness?
How many people live in Jerusalem as of March 2019?
How many children does Hirohiko Araki have?
Can you visit the Catacombs of Rome for free in May 2019?
Who is the current president of BioWare?
How many copies of Dragon Age: Origins were sold worldwide as of April 2019?
How many teams participated in the Olympic Games in 1972?
Who established the Harbin Law School?
What is the island of Buru famous for?
What was the name of Anatoly Iosifovich Litvinchuk's mother?
What is the territory of Armenia as of January 2019?
Is a Las Vegas marriage considered legal?
What is the traditional dish of Mongolia called?
Where did panpsychism come from?
What percentage of Belarus is occupied by the fields?
How many official languages are there in Belarus as of March 2019?
How many colors are on the Druze flag?
Who was the main producer of the television series "Liquidation"?
How many parts of speech are there in Russian?
How many football clubs are there in England as of March 2019?
How many Msta-S were involved in World War II?
How many Russians visited Buru in March 2019?
Which industry in Israel was the most profitable in 2018?
How many men serve in the Security police in Russia as of March 2019?
How many awards did "Beverly Hills, 90210" get?
How many years was Bosnia and Herzegovina a part of Yugoslavia?
Can you swim in the Caspian Sea?
What was the maximum winter temperature in Irkutsk in 2018?
What is the average pension in Russia as of 2019?
How many letters were in the Caucasian Albanian alphabet?
Why did the Church of England separate from the Catholic Church?
How many American soldiers were involved in World War II?
Can a woman enter a mosque?
Who played Vladimir Vysotsky in the movie about him?
Does Russia participate in the fight against terrorism in Iraq as of April 2019?
In how many films did Natalie Portman play the main role?
How many children did Peter Simon Pallas have?
Is breast cancer treatment free in Russia?
When did the electric locomotive first appear in Russia?
What was the name of the first single of "The Fall"?
How many poems did Bertolt Brecht write?
Where does Dmitry Anatolyevich Medvedev's son study?
How many school shootings happened in the USA as of March 2019?
How many people live in Toysi-Parazusi as of 2019?
What party is Andriy Petrovych Klyuyev in as of April 2019?
Under which tsar the first fountain was installed in Moscow?
Why did the Vietnam War begin?
How many years has Maradona played for Napoli?
Has the fortress of Bayazit survived till 2019?
How many hymns did John Newton write?
Who developed the lend-lease program?
How many years did Mariya Volkonskaya live in marriage?
How many times was Vladimir Putin president of the Russian Federation in April 2019?
What is Portland known for?
What is the name of the most read French writer in Russia as of March 2019?
How many people with the surname Nedashkovskyi live in Ukraine as of 2019?
Under which president of China were the XXIX Summer Olympics hosted?
How many people were arrested as a result of the protests in Vradiivka?
When was David Monroe Shoup received the Medal of Honor for participating in World War II?
What war did the cruiser "Aurora" participate in?
When did Grand Theft Auto V enter the Russian market?
Was there a woman among the STS-134 crew members?
When was the Torah written?
How many denominations of Islam are there?
How many football clubs are there in Germany as of March 2019?
What is the risk of having low levels of hemoglobin in human blood?
What is the most significant reform of Perestroika?
How many seas surround Israel?
Where is the headquarters of the Phoenix Suns?
How long is the human tongue?
How long did Paul I rule Russia?
Was Servius Sulpicius Galba a skilled orator?
When was the first airship built in Russia?
Where were the first sources in Azerbaijani found?
When did the first Corinthian columns appear?
What is the name of the work of Aulus Gellius that has survived to our times?
In what year did Gaius Julius Caesar erect the new Senate House in Rome?
What was the religion of the Crimean Khanate?
How many versions of Sonic Rush Adventure are there as of April 2019?
When does the European beech bloom?
Whose palace is in Krasnoye Selo?
How many aircraft carriers are there in the UK fleet as of March 2019?
What is the most common surname in Belarus as of March 2019?
How does one become a Mossad employee?
How long was the Peninsular War?
What award did Andrey Vladimirovich Storozhenko receive?
Has the short-range ballistic missile system Iskander been exported by Russia over the years?
Were there any official football matches during World War II?
How many wars were between Russia and Poland?
Was Harvey Bernard Milk married?
Are there Urdu classes in St. Petersburg?
What year was the first version of Command & Conquer released?
How many children did Friedrich Schelling have?
How many people consider Polish their mother tongue (as of January 1, 2019)?
Which country is home to the largest number of the Ruff birds?
How many caves are there in Cantabria?
What is the name of the largest airline in the United States of America?
What was the name of the last executed person in the Russian Federation?
How many children did Peter the Great have?
How many works were written by Dostoevsky during his lifetime?
How many people died at the Battle of Chickamauga?
How many people live in Barby town in Savoy?
How many children does Ilham Heydar oglu Aliyev have?
How many repeat offenders were in Russian prisons in 2018?
Who won the Oscar for the Best Actress in 1998?
How many Kalashnikovs were sold in 2018?
How much rain fell in Ireland in 2018?
What was the tribute during the Tatar-Mongol yoke?
Who wrote the music for "Dr. House"?
Which political party was in power in Italy in 2018?
Who was the first captain of Douglas TBD Devastator?
Who commanded the withdrawal of Soviet troops from Afghanistan?
How many terrorist attacks were committed in Russia in 2018?
How many sons did Stalin have?
How many copies of Final Fantasy XII were sold in Russia in March 2019?
Why did the Black Death epidemic have such a name?
Where are Sapsan trains manufactured?
What is the most common surname in China in March 2019?
How many women died from breast cancer in 2018?
How many colonies did the Greeks have in Crimea?
Who wrote the title song of the Street series' first season?
How many types of parasites exist?
How many official languages did the Batavian Republic have?
How many people lived in Chelyabinsk in 2018?
Where was the oldest as of 2019 Paleolithic artifact found?
What name did Prince Saint Vladimir's mother take upon baptism?
How many walls were protecting Constantinople?
What is the name of the highest-elevation settlement of modern Dagestan?
Where is the largest collection of Japanese ceramics in the world located?
When did antiquarianism studies begin in Russia?
How many wars did Russia win while under the reign of Catherine II?
What was Einstein's IQ?
What is the name of Abkhazia's largest lake?
How many consulates of China are in Russia as of March 2019?
When was the first whooping cough vaccination administered?
What is the distance from Tver to Moscow?
How many people survived the sinking of Lusitania?
Why is there no Nobel Prize in mathematics?
How many Russians live in Aktyubinsk as of 2019?
When did Adriano Celentano visit Russia for the first time?
Is there a qigong school in Russia?
On what ship did William Penn arrive in America?
Is the Russian Federation a democratic state?
Where is the largest memorial to the Soviet Soldier in Europe located?
Who was the representative of Russophiles in literature?
Was there a female Persian ambassador of Iran to other countries in 2019?
How much did the ASU-57 weigh?
How far is South Korea from Russia?
What is the king of Sweden's name as of March 2019?
What is the salary of Angela Merkel in 2019?
Is there a talking horse in Tangled?
Is there a lake in Orekhovo?
What area was covered by the Polish occupation zone in Germany?
What factory was producing the T-62?
What does red color in an Azerbaijani rug mean?
What year was the S.T.A.L.K.E.R. game released?
How much is the length of 100 million hydrogen atoms in one chain?
How many Jews lived in the Russian Empire in 1917?
Who invented the recipe for borscht?
When was From Death to Battle: Auschwitz Survivor and Palmach Fighter published in Russia?
Who invented the first test for mental development?
Who designed the first car with automatic transmission?
What was the name of Vadim Nikolayevich Levanov's first film?
How many times had Howard Robard Hughes been married?
How many Pulitzer Prizes did Russian writers receive as of 2019?
Who designed the first light cruiser?
How to become a NASA employee?
How much does an envelope weigh?
How many children did Andrei Kokoshin have?
For how long do you need to study to become a doctor in Russia?
What was the first law passed by the Governing Senate in the Russian Empire?
As of 2019, how much was Max Liebermann's most expensive painting sold for?
What book is the foundation of the Manichaean movement?
What publishing house released Charles Bukowski's first book?
How many Russians lived in Atbasar in 2018?
How many Christian movements are there in 2019?
What city was Muddy Waters born in?
What is the minimum age of admittance to the Nakhimov School in St. Petersburg?
How long does a basketball game last?
Who was the landing of the Americans in Normandy led by?
How many exhibits are displayed at the Mercedes Museum in Stuttgart?
How many Aboriginal people live in Amazon in 2019?
How many types of yoga are there?
What were Marie Antoinette's last words before her execution?
When did the first bank open in Russia?
What does the red color on the Russian flag mean?
When was the first air defense cruiser in Russia built?
In what castle did Cecily of York grow up?
How many people live in the ancient village of Lahij in 2019?
Who is Raffaello candy named after?
Did representatives of the Körber family live in Russia in 2018?
How many years did Mikhail Borisovich Shein live for?
What is depicted on the emblem of the LDPR, Liberal Democratic Party of Russia?
What is the name of the longest street in Tolyatti?
Are people with big ears smart?
Are there gold deposits near the city of Spokane?
How many people died in the Battles of Khalkhin Gol in 1939?
For how many years was Berlin divided after World War II?
For how many years did the Stuarts rule the Kingdom of England?
When was the first lung cancer diagnosis made?
What is the name of the main artist of the novel Kanon?
How many millionaires lived in Russia in 2018?
Did Napoleon have eidetic memory?
What is depicted on the coat of arms of Vyborg?
When was the concept of "information technology law" introduced into Russian copyright laws?
What dose of heroin is lethal for an adult?
When was the Scarlet Sails celebration held in 2018?
How long is the Nakhimov School of St. Petersburg attended for?
When did the first Catholics appear in Russia?
What is the most common female name for Romani in 2019?
When was the Fantastic Four film released?
How many liters of alcohol can be imported into the EU by one person?
Does Abkhazia have a national domain in April 2019?
Is Asperger syndrome a congenital disease?
At what age did Nancy Patricia D'Alesandro Pelosi become a politician?
How many awards did Alien 3 receive?
Is object-oriented programming taught in Russian schools in 2018?
How many dogs went to space?
Who built the Marshalsea?
Do Russians need a visa to travel to Serbia in 2019?
How many years did Publius Cornelius Tacitus live for?
What does the color yellow symbolize in the works of Dostoevsky?
How much is the Carmelit fare in Haifa in 2019?
What does the name of the company Google stand for?
In how many countries is marijuana legalized in 2019?
What was the first ruling dynasty of England called?
What reform was carried out by Alexy II?
How many Jews lived in Moscow in 2018?
Who issued the decree on the celebration of the Defender of the Fatherland Day?
How many Russian tourists visited Laos in 2018?
How many Battles of Poitiers were there in history?
How many palaces are there in the Forbidden City?
How many children did I.V. Kurchatov have?
How many languages did Helena Petrovna Blavatsky speak?
Who first introduced the term hypertension?
Is Pac-Man mentioned in the Guinness Book of Records 2019?
Who was the first president of the Ukrainian state?
How many Honda cars were sold in Russia in 2018?
Do any Russians work at NASA as of March 2019?
Did Roger I die a natural death?
How long did Hegel write the Encyclopedia of the Philosophical Sciences for?
For how many centuries did the Polovtsy Rozhinovsky family exist?
Who commanded the USSR troops in aerial battles of Kuban?
Who was the winner of the 2013 Dakar Rally?
How many years did Caroline Caroline Amelia Elizabeth of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel live for?
How many hours does it take to drive from Moscow to Prague?
Who invented the 37 mm automatic air defense gun M1939 (61-K)?
How many rapes occur in Ukraine per year as of 2018?
How many episodes of the Canadian science fiction television series Earth: Final Conflict were filmed?
At what age did Nicholas I get married?
How many singers in the world have died from HIV as of April 2019?
What party did Stolypin belong to?
Is there a direct flight from Moscow to Reims in April 2019?
When was the public limited company under French law founded?
How many awards did the 1921 film The Kid receive?
What was the name of the leader of the White movement in Russia?
How many planets of the solar system do not have any satellites?
How many novels did Isaac Asimov write in total?
Who became the president of Ukraine in April 2019?
Who owns the Falkland Islands as of March 2019?
What was the name of Mendeleev's son?
Is marriage between members of different castes possible in India?
How many gold medals did the Russian team win at the XXIX Summer Olympic Games?
How many planes land at Sheremetyevo per day?
When was James L Peterson born?
Was there a cyclone in the Russian Far East in 2018?
How many official languages are there in Russia in April 2019?
How much money did Federer donate to charity in 2018?
What was the greatest Armenian ruler's name?
How many works were written by Frida Vigdorova?
How many people are there in the Red Book Committee in 2019?
How many subjects of the Russian Federation are there in total in March 2019?
How many Russians are practicing Old Believers as of 2018?
Is there a Russian Cultural Center in Kiev in 2019?
How did the term "white flood" of 1919 originate?
Who gave the first concert at the Ekaterinburg Arena after its opening?
How far is Saturn from Earth?
What was the name of the first president of Israel?
How many Russians live in Estonia in 2019?
What was the first capital of Kievan Rus' called?
How many participants were there in the Red Army invasion of Azerbaijan?
What was the name of Andrew Kosciuszko's wife?
How many dams are there on the Volga River?
What was the cause of Operation Protective Edge?
In which country is the company Caramel Box located?
In what genre was the magazine Svetoch published?
What is the distance from Russia to Prague?
How many years did Mendeleev live for?
How many tanks were built in Sweden from 1918 to 1945?
Where was Two and a Half Men filmed?
What country in the world is the most corrupt as of March 2019?
What English brand is the most expensive as of 2019?
Are there any age restrictions for Resident Evil 4?
Who is the commander-in-chief of the Royal Navy during wartime?
How long does a wrestling match last?
Where is the headquarters of the democratic movement Solidarnost located?
What is the address of the Faculty of Physics and Mathematics of Saint Petersburg State University?
How many people participated in the White movement in Russia?
How many churches are there in Tolyatti as of April 2019?
What industry was the most profitable in 2018?
When was the first chickenpox vaccination administered?
What is the largest plane that landed at Minsk Airport as of 2019?
In what year were the Roman Baths opened?
Who won the Battle of Pusan Perimeter in the Korean War?
When was the first electric bulb invented?
Does Israel import avocados to Russia in 2019?
What did World War I result in?
Is life insurance mandatory for borrowers to qualify for mortgage in Russia in March 2019 ?
Citizenship of what country did Idries Shah have?
When did Hearthstone come to Russia?
Were women allowed to wear katanas in Japan in the 20th century?
Who was the leader of the feminist movement in 1920?
Are tanks produced in Chelyabinsk in April 2019?
Which scientist was the first to discover object-oriented programming?
How many countries have "Sberbank" affiliates?
Can one bathe in the Dniester?
How are unemployment benefits calculated in Russia?
How long does the Australian kangaroo live in the wild as per March 2019?
Where was the first written record in Spanish found?
When was Hideaki Anno born?
How many records did singer Yolka sell in Russia in 2018?
Does one need a special driver's license for driving cars with automatic transmission?
Who was the first President of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic?
How many satellites are in space in 2019?
Who was the first Russian explorer of Siberia?
When was "Battlestar Galactica" released in Russia?
How many hours does a direct flight from Moscow to Tehran take?
How many times have Radiohead performed in Russia by March 2019?
What is the name of the main female character in the Vampire Diaries?
How many aircraft carriers does Russia have in service in April 2019?
Did women have equal rights with men in the Republic of Siena?
Which Olympic Games were the most successful for Russia as per April 2019?
How much does a metro ticket cost in Moscow according to the 2019 data?
Who is the head of Putin's security guard?
What is the USA's greenest city in March 2019?
How many palaces are there in Amsterdam in April 2019?
What was the name of the ancient Egyptians' god of war?
What was the area of Galicia?
What address did Vysotsky live at?
Is Venus Ebony Starr Williams married?
What place in the world ranking did Sebastian Vettel have in 2018?
How many Japanese battleships were destroyed by the Russian fleet during World War II?
When was the first nuclear power plant built in the Ukrainian SSR?
What century does the first discovered copy of the Iliad date to?
Who became the USSR's first People's Artist?
Where is Andrzej Kosciuszko buried?
How many people with autism are there in Russia in March 2019?
What was the name of Vasily Ivanovich Chapayev's associate and friend?
When was the atmosphere on Jupiter discovered?
How many awards has "Doctor Who" won as per 2019?
How many children did Victoria of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha have?
How many people lived in Zabaykalsk province in 1917?
How many "Afganit" defense systems are in service in Russia in March 2019?
How many Serov paintings are kept in the Russian Museum in Saint Petersburg?
Where did Lenin live when he was in Germany?
What animal has the fastest metabolism?
How many people live in Krasnoye Selo in 2019?
Who is the President of Poland according to the 2019 data?
What World War I battle was the bloodiest?
Why did the Night of the Murdered Poets happen?
When was "Beverly Hills, 90210" first released in Russia?
Is there a Fernando António Nogueira Pessoa museum in his home town?
Where was the first Department of Biochemistry opened in Russia?
How many species of bacteria are known according to the 2019 data?
Are there any "Sberbank" affiliates in Budapest?
Has the Diablo III game been translated into Russian?
What is the Unified State Exam's passing score for Literature in 2019?
How many days did the Mariupol standoff last in 2014?
How many times has the capital of Kazakhstan been renamed?
What was the name of the city built by Alexander the Great in memory of his horse?
Did the Ottoman Empire fight on the German Empire's side during World War II?
What is the rating of "Two and a Half Men" on KinoPoisk?
What is an anti-plague squad?
How many members does the German industrial metal band Rammstein have?
Is the immunity reduced after blood transfusion?
How many Rusyns lived in Ukraine in 2018?
Where is the biggest collection of Sir Lawrence Alma-Tadema's works kept?
How many Mexicans live in Austin in 2018?
How many cities are located on the banks of the Columbia River?
What is the minimum age when a Muslim girl can get married?
What is the name of the Mini Metro game art director?
Who represents the modern art of Yaroslavl?
Has Emmylou Harris ever performed in Russia?
How many soldiers died on the Eastern Front during World War II?
What nation has the highest depression rate according to the 2019 data?
Can you crack the Pentagon code?
What is the name of the creator of the "Power Rangers" series?
Is it true that swans have just one partner for life?
How many people in Russia have diplomatic immunity in 2019?
What was the day when peasants could change their place of residence called?
Why is a snooker table green?
How many people in the world speak Macedonian?
When was Rus first mentioned in the chronicles?
Was Publius Cornelius Tacitus married?
How many children did Count Leo Tolstoy have?
How many people took part in the War in the Vendée?
What is the name of Nikopol's largest museum?
How many children does Angelina Jolie have?
Were Sovremenny-class destroyers exported by USSR?
What is the name of Lithuania's largest cathedral?
What country sold most Guinness beer bottles in 2018?
Can Asperger syndrome be cured?
When was the Moscow Patriarchate founded?
When did language-oriented programming come to Russia?
When was Continental Airlines, Inc. founded?
How long did Robert Scott live?
How many battles did Fyodor Fyodorovich Radetsky win?
What was the term limit for the Russian legislative elections in the State Duma of the Federal Assembly of the Russian Federation the 6th convocation?
Who coined the term "negationism"?
Where is NASA's headquarters?
Where is the biggest collection of Mikhail Alexandrovich Vrubel's works kept?
How many Russians live in Quebec as per March 2019?
How is the Chairman of the Supreme Soviet of Russia elected?
Why is the Sun red during sunsets?
How many people attended the 2014 World Snooker Championship?
What is the most ancient monument of the Avar Khanate era?
How many typhoons occurred in the Pacific in 2018?
What exam do you need to pass to receive a Russian passport?
Do Russians need a visa to enter Ukraine in 2019?
What is a "Nobel disease"?
Was Margarita happily married in "The Master and Margarita"?
What treaty was signed at the end of the Soviet-Finnish war?
What uprising did Zynoviy Bohdan Mykhajlovych Khmelnytsky lead?
What is the name of Aleksandr Iosifovich Zaitsev's main work?
How many times did Lois Bujold win the Nebula Awards?
What skin color did Kikimora have?
How many breweries are there in the Czech Republic?
What was the name of Nikolai Vasilʹevich Naryshkin's mother?
How much fish do South Koreans consume per year?
Can one buy antidepressants without a doctor's prescription?
How many children were born in Komsomolsk-on-Amur in 2018?
What language did ancient Greeks write in?
What is depicted on Yoshkar-Ola's coat of arms?
How many people were in the New Jersey's crew during her maiden voyage?
How many languages are there in the Slavic language group?
What is Jupiter's mass?
What is Novak Djokovic's zodiac sign?
Can you work as a teacher in Russia if you have mental disorder records?
Is it mandatory to take a psychiatric evaluation in order to work as a teacher in Russia?
How much salmon did the Kingdom of Norway export in 2018?
When was Heydar Aliyev Park opened in Baku?
How many people were killed during the Battle of Gettysburg?
What military rank did Guy de Montlaur have during World War II?
At whose order was Trotsky assassinated?
How many times did Beckham win the Ballon d'Or?
What is the telephone code for Mogadishu?
What is the world's most sold engine oil brand in 2019?
How many beetle species are there in Russia in March 2019?
What was the name of the first female astronomer?
What is Earth's circumference?
What is the longest river in Vologda Oblast?
How many people did the Home Army have in 1942?
What team has the Ireland national rugby union team suffered its biggest defeat from?
Is "The Witcher" novel series translated into Russian?
How many coloration types do otters have?
Who led the Defensive Operation on the Orel-Kursk bulge?
How much did "Transformers: Cybertron" make at the box office in Russia?
Can you download Minecraft for free in Russia in April 2019?
How many members did the KMFDM band have?
Where was the movie "The Pokrovsky Gate" shot?
Which members of the Russian Provisional Government were shot by the Bolsheviks?
What vaccination categories are there?
Was the English King imprisoned in the Marshalsea?
Totally how many Moskvitch cars were produced at the Moskvitch factory?
How many museums were there in Lvov in 2018?
At what age did Fred Astaire begin to dance?
Who received the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 2018?
What did the Russian diamond export amount to in 2018?
How much did the first battleship weigh?
How much did Catherine the Great weigh?
How many people are in the Palestinian army in 2019?
What was the occupation of Guy de Maupassant's father?
How many gods are mentioned in Nick Perumov's books?
Why are coin banks most often shaped as a pig?
Did Euphemia-Agafya Semyonovna Grushetskaya marry for love?
Where is the miraculous icon of the Tsar family kept?
How many seasons of "Sailor Moon" were screened in Russia?
Who is the chief constructor of the Merkava tank?
Who won World War I?
How many types of the incandescent light bulb are there?
What region became the first subject of the Russian Federation?
Can children under 16 play Deux Ex?
When was "Transformers: Cybertron" first released in Russia?
Was YaTB-1 exported to other countries?
Did Jane Grey have children?
What is the difficulty level of Modern Warfare 2?
What number does oxygen have on the periodic table of elements?
How how did it take George Orwell to write his "Eastasia" novel?
When was the "Gaz Ukraina" company founded?
Where is Caesar buried?
Who won the Siege of Deir ez-Zor?
How long does it take to study to become a psychiatrist in Russia?
How many times has Ozzy Osbourne performed in Russia?
What is the difficulty level of Resident Evil 2?
How many injuries did Gary James Cahill get during his career?
What is the name of Kazakhstan's capital in April 2019?
How long did Peter the Great rule the Russian Empire?
Did the Cyclops eat people according to mythology?
How many years did Poroshenko serve as the head of Ukraine?
How many members did the My Bloody Valentine band have?
When was glucose discovered?
How many dialects of Russian are there as of March 2019?
How many people saw the first episode of "Stargate SG-1"?
What was the name of the national hero of Argentina during the Civil War?
What year did Diomedes die?
Do Russians need a visa to visit Syria in 2019?
How many foreigners visited Pavlovsky Park in 2018?
Do flies have brains?
How many people died during the Stalinist repressions in the Soviet Socialist Republic of Azerbaijan from late 1920s to early 1950s?
When was "Star Trek" released in Russia?
When was the first edition of "Marx and Engels on Literature and Art" written?
What penalty was Lee Harvey Oswald sentenced to?
How does Lake Balkhash rank among the world's largest lakes?
When did Vyacheslav Vasilyevich Bondarenko join the Writers' Union of Russia?
How many songs did Vysotsky record?
How many days did Joanna the Mad travel with her husband's body?
Is Russian still taught in schools in Kazakhstan as of 2019?
How many psychiatric hospitals are there in Moscow as of 2019?
What was John of Ephesus's birth name?
How many works did Rachel Louise Carson write?
Which bank is the custodian of the Vatican Fund?
What is the name of the most expensive painting by an Italian artist sold as of March 2019?
How many foreign bands have visited the "Rock Line" festival to date?
Which Ford model did Chevrolet Camaro compete with?
How many children did Muddy Waters have?
How many deputies were elected to the State Duma of the Federal Assembly of the Russian Federation the 6th convocation?
How many streets start in Khitrovskaya Square?
What other planet in the Solar System has life?
Is Cherokee spoken in Russia?
How many tanks are there in the Russian arsenal as of 2019?
What is the AK's rate of fire?
What is the time difference between Moscow and Mexico City?
What is the name of Yuri Ivanovich Semenov's wife?
How many pairs of shoes does the English Queen have?
How much does one cubic meter of gas cost in 2019?
What is South Korea's most profitable industry sector in 2019?
When did the last USSR State Prize award ceremony happen?
When did the first opposition party in the Russian Federation appear?
Where does the president of Ukraine live in 2019?
Is the Fortran language used as of April 2019?
Did the locals in the Republic of Vanuatu eat their enemies?
How long is Khitrovskaya Square?
Is the M4 Sherman the world's most widely used tank as of April 2019?
Do rocket attacks happen in Jerusalem as of March 2019?
What is the name of Dmitri Kuznetsov's mother?
How many Academy Awards has "Avatar" received?
What did Greeks use to observe the stars?
What is the divorce rate in Japan according to the statistical data from 2018?
When was Port Arthur surrendered?
What is the name of the first feature film on parapsychology?
What year did Stravinsky immigrate from Russia?
How many rivers are there in Vologda Oblast?
What language was used in the Tulunid state?
Has the Pentagon code been cracked?
Have Henry the Fowler's descendants survived until the 21st century?
Who's engaged in the excavation of the ancient city of Nymphaion in 2019?
How many streets are there in the city of Vladimir to date?
How long did Percival Lowell live?
How many children did Vasily Konstantinovich Blyukher have?
What was the name of the castle where Shih-murza Okotsky lived?
How many Japanese anime genres are there?
How many Armenians lived in the territory of Russia in 2018?
Are the Finns a heavy-drinking nation?
Which document regulates the activities of "a foreign agent" in the USA?
How many Russian soldiers took part in the war in Afghanistan?
How many Tiger II tanks were destroyed during World War II?
Which stadium hosted the match between the national men's teams of the USSR and the USA in the 1972 Olympic Men's Basketball Final?
Why did the Israeli–Palestinian conflict start?
Where did the first video game appear?
How old was Joséphine de Beauharnais when she married Napoleon Bonaparte?
How many female members of "United Russia" are there as of March 2019?
When was the first Russian spelling dictionary compiled?
What year was Trotsky born?
What is the name of the longest bridge that spans the Columbia River?
How many people in Russia have watched "Avatar" as of 2019?
What was the name of Sir George Hubert Wilkins' mother?
What did the Miyankal uprising result in?
How many departments are there in the Svyato-Filaretovskiy Orthodox Christian Institute?
Did Severo Ochoa de Albornoz visit the USSR?
How many countries allow whale hunting as of March 2019?
How many Russians lived in Manitoba in 2018?
How many hours does it take to drive from Vyborg to Moscow by car?
Who considered Christianity to be a Jewish sect?
Did Nikolai Semyonovich Leskov serve in the army?
Who designed the Antwerp defense line?
What was the name of the first female surgeon?
Have The Strokes been awarded a Grammy?
When was the first definition of Asperger syndrome given?
Where in Chambéry is the Museum of Jean-Jacques Rousseau situated?
Which Germany national football team goalkeeper has the most saves?
How tall is Marek Hamšík?
What is the Tupolev Design Bureau's official site?
How long did Ilaq exist?
What is the percentage of foreign language films released in Russia in 2018?
When was Leon Trotsky born?
When was the first book in the "Gleams of Aeterna" series published?
What is the minimum age for admittance to the seminary of Alexander Nevsky Lavra?
Where did Pierre Bourdieu study?
What was the cause of death of Lewis Brian Hopkins Jones?
How many presidents attended the celebrations of the 70th anniversary of the end of World War II and victory over Nazism in Moscow?
What political views does Pavlensky have?
Did Massenet visit Russia?
When was Cruiser Aurora launched?
Which neighbor tribe did the Drevani have trade with?
How many tanks were used during World War II?
How many people died during the Stalinist repressions?
What was the occupation of John Lennon's father?
Was Franklin's expedition, aka Franklin's lost expedition of 1845-1847, successful?
When did Germany invade Asia during World War II?
What is the corruption level in Venezuela as of March 2019?
How many portraits of the members of the House of Yusupov did Serov paint?
Which regiment did Lermontov serve in?
How many parishioners attend the Orthodox Cathedral in Nice in 2019?
When did Russia enter World War I?
How long did Śāriputra live?
What is the name of the largest museum in Israel?
What was the name of the first Italian tank?
When did the first edition of "The Sun" come out?
How many times did The Phoenix Suns win the Conference Finals?
Who was the producer of "The Big Bang Theory"?
How many soldiers took part in Operation Barbarossa?
Are desegregated school buses terminated in the USA as of March 2019?
How old was Mikhail Kozakov when he directed "The Pokrovsky Gate"?
Were Supermarine Spitfires lend-leased to the USSR?
Was the Chernobyl NPP disaster kept secret from the public in the first days after the accident?
How many female soldiers serve in the Chinese army as of March 2019?
How many types of carnivores by lifestyle are there?
Was Carl Linnaeus an academician?
What is the name of the main cathedral in Serbia?
What is the symbol of the House of Bonaparte's empire?
When was the movie "Groundhog Day" translated into Russian?
Does the full moon affect the behavior of animals?
How old was Alexander Scriabin when he learned to play the piano?
What is the name of Vladislav Chelakh's mother?
What is the average wage in Tokyo as of now?
What was the maximum water temperature in the Baltic Sea near Otradny in the summer of 2018?
What is the mortgage interest at Tinkoff Bank in 2019?
How many women have received the Nobel prize in Physics as of March 2019?
What was the name of Grigory Grigoryevich Lachin's wife?
When was "Creed" first screened in Russia?
Who first coined the term "3D shooter"?
Is there a Lenin monument in Ukraine as of March 2019?
How many planes did the Hellenic Air Force have in 2018?
Was Jane Grey a blond?
When did letter "yat" appear?
How many times has Bi-2 performed in Russia as of April 2019?
How many of his wives did Ivan the Terrible kill?
Do Russians need a visa to enter the Gambia as of March 2019?
Which Roman emperor popularized family values?
What was the name of Bohemond of Taranto's mother?
What century did ninjas appear in Japan?
How many exhibits does the National Museum of the Republic Tatarstan have in 2019?
What kind of tram transports most passengers in Europe per day in 2019?
How many Russian tourists visited Istanbul in 2018?
What is the most elevated village in Azerbaijan?
How many times has Lukashenko been reelected to date?
When was the game Chrono Trigger released in Russia?
When was the first video game developed in Russia?
Which industry sector is the most profitable in Kaliningrad Oblast?
What is the difference between a cataract and glaucoma?
What is the name of the first station of the Kyiv Metro?
What is the most common chemical element on Jupiter?
When did women in Syria get the right to vote?
Where is the Jehovah's Witnesses' headquarters situated in Russia?
How many times did Al-Qaeda take responsibility for terrorist attacks as of March 2019?
How many employees did the Institute of Scientific Information on Social Sciences have in 2018?
How many floods were there in Indonesia in 2018?
How much does the biggest current coin in the USA weigh as of April 2019?
How many wars did Ivan Stepanovych Mazepa take part in?
Where did the deadliest airship disaster happen?
What country do the Chinese travel to in order to gamble at casinos?
How many Academy Awards did the movie "Spartacus" receive?
Who identified the 13 theses of Zionism?
What is the main plot in the Kingdom Hearts game?
What is the name of the shortest street in Kiev?
Are children allowed to play Fallout 3?
When did François Auguste René Rodin create The Thinker statue?
Who was the first king of Habsburg Spain?
What is the name of the North Korean traditional dish?
Did Elizabeth Woodville's son take the throne?
How much prize money did Novak Djokovic win in 2018?
What is the largest ship to ever dock at the Port of Hong Kong as of 2019?
Who is the opposition leader in the USA?
Who is the mayor of Astrakhan in 2019?
Does North Korea have nuclear weapons as of March 2019?
How many versions of the Command & Conquer game exist as of 2018?
Where is the Russian Air Force headquartered?
What was the name of the supreme god of the Incas?
Has Konstantin Nikolaevich Nikolsky received the Pesnya goda prize in Russia?
How did Titus Flavius Domitianus die?
When did Gene Roddenberry write the stories behind "Earth: Final Conflict"?
How many people died in the Nanking massacre?
At which factory was the first M67 tank launched in the USA?
How many movies have been shot in Chernivtsi as of March 2019?
Is there a television recording of Vysotsky’s performance at the Taganka Theater?
In what family was Johann Gottlieb Fichte born?
Were the killers of the Moors murders brought to justice?
What exams are required to be admitted to the Faculty of Chemistry at St. Petersburg State University?
Which faculty did John Forbes Kerry graduate from?
How many rivers flow through Algeria?
In what church did Pugacheva and Kirkorov marry?
Who was the famous ruler of the Safavids?
As of 2019, has there been a referendum on the independence of Catalonia?
When does the oldest Christian hymn date to?
How is psychology different from psychiatry?
Was Alexandra of Denmark's marriage a love marriage?
What was the name of the first Greek city-state?
When was Jules Verne’s novel "Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea" written?
How long does it take to get from Minsk to Moscow by train?
Is the sperm whale listed in the Red Book?
Where was the first game in the Tekken series created?
How many great French philosophers-educators were there?
How many times has the Conclave gathered in the 21st century?
How many poems did William Blake write?
What is pictured on the flag of Tours, France?
Has the population of Kamensk-Uralsky decreased as of March 2019?
What are Kasparov's political views?
Who was the first leader after the Greek-Bulgarian schism?
How many species of pigeons exist on the planet today?
How many 2TE25K "Peresvet" locomotives and related models had been launched by the end of 2018?
How does the word "pacifism" translate to Latin?
Do Russians need a visa for England in 2019?
How tall is Diniyar Rinatovich Bilyaletdinov?
Who coined the term "akathisia"?
Does Vladimir Putin believe in god?
Has Augsburg ever had a female mayor in its history?
How long did the 18th Slovenian armored Bazovitsky brigade last?
What made Konstantin Stepanovich Melnikov an outstanding architect?
Was the "T-90 Vladimir" used in the Second World War?
How many years did Count Pavel Dmitrievich Kiselev live in Paris?
How big is Kanye Omari West's fortune today?
How many people in Russia spoke one of the dialects of the Don region in 2018?
How many years would it take to see the entire Hermitage, if spending one minute in front of every exhibit?
How many R-7 launch vehicles did Russia have in 2019?
Who sank the aircraft carrier Zuikaku?
Are local people eating bugs in Russia?
On what itinerary was the first ER1 launched?
What was the Concorde's capacity?
What did Boris Vromovolodovich Gromov study?
How many types of tape recorder are there?
How old was Maria Sharapova when she became the world's best female tennis player?
Who played Thor in "Thor: Ragnarok"?
What Olympic Games did the USSR boycott?
How far is Belarus from Russia?
How many movies were released in Russia in 2018?
Does Vladimir Putin play the clarinet?
How many people lived in the village of Babkino in 2018?
Where did Alexander Petrovich Milyukov study?
How many points did the charter of the Russian Free Economic Society have?
In what piece of art does Lady Hamilton appear?
Who was the world champion in rugby in 2018?
How old was the Doctor in the first episode of Doctor Who's first season?
At what age did Gogol die?
What was the name of the first emir of Cordoba?
How much did Andrei Valeryevich Orlovsky weigh in April 2019?
How many rainy days were there in Normandy in 2018?
When was Aesop's first fable written?
What was the name of the largest ship of the Ming treasure voyages?
Is studying Hindi obligatory in Indian schools in 2019?
Was Mikhail Matveyevich Kheraskov happy in his marriage?
Has the MiG-9 been delivered to Africa?
How many marriages were concluded in Russia in 2018?
How many students did Origen have?
What religion does the majority of the population of Azerbaijan practice in March 2019?
When did the upper classes in Russia begin to speak French?
How many keys are there on a Chinese keyboard?
How strong is the Palestinian army in 2019?
What was the name of the founder of the Archdiocese of Russian Orthodox churches in Western Europe?
Which Russian product was the most imported in Israel in 2019?
How many bridges did Istanbul have in 2019?
How many historic districts are there in St. Petersburg?
Was a portrait of William the Conqueror made during his lifetime?
How many wars did Ptolemy IV fight?
How is the word "plug" translated?
As of March 2019, what city is the capital of Armenia?
As of April 2019, how many universities are there in Rostov?
How many homeless girls were there in the USSR in 1925?
As of March 2019, what is the name of the most expensive painting by Nikola Poussin that so far has been sold?
When did the Project 35 destroyer project come about?
When did the Beach Boys' first concert take place in Russia?
Do octopuses live in swarms?
What channel aired "Mister Bean" in Russia?
How many islands does Indonesia have?
How much does an adult ticket to the Hermitage cost in March 2019?
Were drugs smuggled into Russia trafficked across Tajikistan in 2018?
To what century do the first written documents in Russian date?
Has Lady Gaga received an Oscar?
When did the art of oratory emerge?
How much is a TGV ticket from Lyon to Paris in 2019?
How many times did the plague break out in the late Middle Ages?
Were those who in 1950 were deported from the western regions of the Pskov Oblast released after Stalin's death?
When was the cathedral in Jerusalem built?
How many wives did Nader Shah Afshar have?
How do you become a member of the "LDPR — Liberal Democratic Party of Russia"?
As of March 2019, in how many movies has David Mark Morrissey starred?
What was in St. Isaac's Cathedral during the Soviet era?
What was Donetsk called before the October Revolution?
How many ships does the Hellenic Navy have in 2019?
How many years did Count Leo Tolstoy write "War and Peace"?
How many named Moscow metro trains are there as of April 2019?
Why was Russian Renault phased out?
What is the outcome of the formation of the Second Coalition?
When was the USSR State Prize founded?
Who was in charge of the White Rose in England?
What kind of wood is paper made from?
Where did the first mail appear in the Far East of Russia?
On what date was the first political demonstration in Baku?
Where is William Blake's first engraving?
How many nationalities lived in Yugoslavia at the time of its dissolution?
How tall is Ed Boon?
How many Jewish musicians moved from the USSR to Israel in the 1980s?
Which plant produced the largest number of trains in Russia in 2018?
How many people were on the Soviet submarine M-172 team?
How many rounds of elections to the 7th State Duma of the Federal Assembly of the Russian Federation are there?
What's the length of Lukovo agrotown?
Who killed Grand Duke Michael Alexandrovich of Russia?
How old was John Lennon when he became a member of The Beatles?
How many children did Diomid have?
How many light cruisers were involved in World War I?
How many days did Paris resist capture by German troops during World War II?
How many hero cities are there in Russia as of March 2019?
How many wars did the Roman Republic have?
How many deaths have occurred as a result of the "Black Death" in the 14th century?
What was the name of the capital of Middle-earth?
Which port is the largest in Russia?
What did Pope John Paul II graduate from?
Why did the Kursk sink?
What does the word "hypertension" mean in Greek?
When was the Hellenic Navy founded?
When did the first wireless mouse come out?
What was the name of Gary Cooper's wife?
What was Catherine de' Medici's favorite poison?
Was the novel "Eastasia" filmed?
In what year was the temperature record broken in St. Petersburg?
When did MDMA start to spread in Russia?
When was the village of Babkino founded?
Yevhen Petrovych Kushnaryov was the mayor of what city?
For how much was the most expensive Karachay stallion sold as of March 2019?
Can you download Final Fantasy for free in Russia as of April 2019?
What was the name of Valerian Ivanovich Safonovich's mother?
How long does it take for corn to grow in Central Russia?
What is the name of the main character of Grand Theft Auto V?
How many hours a day did Catherine the Great sleep?
How do they treat schizophrenia in modern Russia?
What Russian city makes carved wooden window frames?
How many copies of Half-Life were sold in Russia as of April 2019?
How many copies of "Call of Duty: Black Ops II" were sold in Russia as of March 2019?
Is amber used in medicine?
How many people professed Judaism worldwide in 2018?
When was the first public school opened in Russia?
Is The Sims 4 on the Google App Store?
How many ports are there on the Missouri River as of April 2019?
How many times was there an earthquake in New Zealand in 2018?
How long was the Renaissance period in Europe?
How many years has King Saul lived?
What is gravity measured in?
How does the Catholic Church feel about Pederasty as of March 2019?
Did the Incas have pyramids?
What was the traditional Piegan dish?
Can a monk marry in Russia?
How many plant species are there on Earth as of March 2019?
Is there a Joint representative office in Russia as of April 2019?
Where was the Soul game made?
When did the frogs appear?
Is dirofilariasis a fatal disease for humans?
How many astronauts were in STS-134?
What is the name of the fastest ship in the Hellenic Navy?
How many colors does Armenian dress have?
How tall was Frank Castle, the Punisher?
What was the first law adopted by V.V. Putin as President of the Russian Federation?
What is the traditional Ukrainian dance called?
How many Svetlana-class cruisers have been produced?
What percentage of Belarus is occupied by the forests as of 2019?
When was Ostrovsky's "The Storm" first performed on the stage?
How old is Lukashenko's son as of 2019?
Who raised Napoleon's son?
Is transpersonal psychology being studied in Russia as of April 2019?
How many people speak Persian worldwide as of March 2019?
Why was Henry VIII called "Bluebeard"?
How much did "The Avengers" make in opening weekend in Russia?
What is the average salary of an engineer in Russia in 2019?
Who founded the National Socialist German Workers' Party?
Has René Guénon ever been to Russia?
Do they study "Faust" at Russian schools?
How many parasites are there in the human body?
What was the name of the first computer game?
When did the first named Moscow metro train appear?
How many gandolas were registered in Venice in 2018?
Who is the composer of Sonic Adventure 2?
How many children did Johann Schliemann have?
J. Is J.R.R. Tolkien one of the 50 greatest British writers as of 2018?
What is the deepest lake in Chuvashia?
How many games did Michael Jeffrey Jordan play as of March 2019?
How did the conflict in Nagorno-Karabakh end?
How many people are vegetarians worldwide as of 2019?
How many pages are there in Hegel's original "Encyclopedia of the Philosophical Sciences"?
What was the first defense wall of Constantinople called?
Is it true that there is the Church of Maradona in Naples?
What is the difference between Shiites and Sunnis?
Why is Friday the 13th considered unlucky?
How many Russians live in Almaty in 2019?
In what year did Red Hot Chili Peppers come to Moscow with a concert?
How many people took part in Pugachev's Rebellion?
What was the name of the first cruiser?
Who is the producer of "Sun Valley Serenade"?
How much does a monthly pass cost in Kazan in 2019?
What is the average age of birth of the first child in Russia in 2019?
How many children did Grand Duke Michael Alexandrovich of Russia have?
How many rounds per minute did the 57 mm anti-tank gun M1943?
Was Garfield the Cat named after the 20th president of the United States?
Is there fishing for pelagic fish in Russia?
Who shot down a Boeing 777 in the Donetsk region?
Has Liang Qichao ever been to Russia?
When did Russia launch its first ironclad?
How many awards did "Stilyagi" get?
How many episodes of the "Bleach" anime have been filmed so far?
How many emperors were there in the Western Roman Empire?
How many students from Russia are studying at Princeton University as of March 2019?
What's the biggest plane that landed in Sheremetyevo?
How many Russian tourists visited Ireland in 2018?
When did Armenophobia first appear?
When did the first TGV train start working?
How many Cadillac Deville were exported during its production?
When were women allowed to study at university in Russia?
Which university did Fyodor Viktorovich Kondratyev graduate from?
How many immigrants from Ireland moved to America in the 19th century?
What is the time difference between Arzamas and Moscow?
Which Russian bank has the lowest mortgage interest in 2019?
How many Russo-Swedish wars did occur?
How much did the most expensive painting by Nikolai Ivanovich Feshin cost as of 2019?
Which region did give the most delegates of the 10th Congress of the Russian Communist Party
How many African countries has Nikolai Gumilev visited?
Where can you see the drawings by Maria Nikolaevna Romanova?
How many Jews lived in Russia in 2018?
Which Mercedes-Benz model is the fastest as of 2019?
How many enemies did Russia have during the First World War?
How many Africans lived in Russia in 2018?
What is the trolleybus fare in Kharkiv as of January 1, 2019?
At what age did Bohemond I of Antioch die?
How many languages are there in the Anglo-Saxon group?
Who ruled in Asia Minor during the Yalova Peninsula massacres?
How many people died in the First Balkan War?
When was Arzamas first mentioned in the sources?
Who eats clothes in a closet: moth or its caterpillar?
How many Google shareholders are there today?
What is the outcome of the Winter War?
Which monastery in Armenia is the oldest?
Who was Putin's opponent in the March 4, 2012 elections?
What family did Robert Edward Lee come from?
What is Batman's mystical power?
How many passenger seats were there in AMC Eagle?
How many churches are there in Blagoveshchensk in 2019?
Which trees are most found in mangroves?
Do hazel grouse mate for life?
What was the form of government in the Kingdom of Galicia–Volhynia
Which club became the champion of Russia in hockey in 2018?
How many countries were affected by the Caribbean crisis?
What language did the ancient Champas speak?
Were the marriages between Mongols and Slavs allowed during the yoke?
How much garbage is taken out of Moscow daily?
Who created the type 1 47 mm anti-tank gun
Did turtles live in dinosaur times?
How long does the Central African Republic Civil War last as of March 2019?
When was the first postage stamp in the world issued?
How many satellites are there in orbit of Earth in 2019?
How tall was Abraham Lincoln?
How many members were in Limp Bizkit when it was founded?
How many dresses did Empress Elizabeth change a day?
Which company owned the largest number of Tu-16s?
How many people speak Karaim worldwide as of March 2019?
Did Vyacheslav Georgievich Lukanin die with the imperial family of Nicholas II?
How many official religions are there in the world as of 2019?
How long is the border between Israel and Palestine?
How many Red Army soldiers died in the Second Kuban Campaign?
With which French philosopher Catherine the Great discussed the education of her grandson Alexander?
What happened to the Sphinx's nose?
When was the premiere of "The Street"?
Did Japanese films win an Oscar?
What is the maximum height of the сarex ?
Who invented the electronic game "Well, Just You Wait!"?
Does Jethro Tull exist as of May 2019?
How many films did Marilyn Monroe star in?
How many children did Elizabeth Petrovna have?
How many Christians lived in the Roman Empire in the first century?
How many cars cross the Bugrinsky Bridge per day?
When was the Gospel written?
How old was Celine Dion when she recorded her first album?
What was the effective firing range of a Hetzer?
Does the European perch hibernate in winter?
What is the most sold alcohol drink in Ireland as of March 2019?
What organ is responsible for metabolism?
How many libraries are there in Glasgow?
What product did South Korea import from Russia in 2018?
What was Dean Martin's performance genre?
How many languages are there in the Slavic language group?
How many people visit VDNH a day in 2019?
How many schools are there in Sokol District in Moscow?
What was the name of Frederick the Great's mother?
How many hours does it take to drive from Moscow to Orekhovo?
How many plant species are there in Nikolai Gryshko National Botanical Garden?
How many people were killed during the Battle of the Coral Sea?
When was the beginning of Russian philosophy?
When was "Vorkosigan Saga" written?
How many children did Charles I of Anjou have?
Who is the president of the Chechen Republic in 2019?
How many TGV trains were manufactured in 2019?
Who suffers from chemophobia more often – men or women?
Is there Shinto in Russia?
How much did "Space Dogs" gross at the box office? How much did "Space Dogs" gross worldwide in 2010?
What is the longest time you can stay in the sauna at a time?
Who did artist Serov call "his best model"?
Who was the leader of the Easter Rebellion?
How many Russians live in Austin as of 2018?
How many centuries did Dacia exist?
When was Final Fantasy XII released in the Russian market?
Was Yevgeny Alexeyevich Fedorov a straight-A student?
What is situated on the Temple Mount in Jerusalem as of 2019?
How many gold standards are there in Russia as of March 2019?
What is the distance to the Milky Way from Earth?
How many Russian schools are there in Chișinău as of April 2019?
Who was the leader of the Greek War of Independence of 1821-1829 on Greece's side?
How many hospitals are there in Yaroslavl to date?
Who was Catherine the Great baptised in honor of?
Do descendants of Maria of Yugoslavia live in the 21st century?
What was Pharaoh Akhenaten's birth name?
How many children did Manuel Godoy have?
How many astronauts took part in the Apollo 15 mission?
What is the price of the most valuable diamond in the Diamond Fund of the Russian Federation?
Is Iversky Women's Monastery open as of April 2019?
What is the name of the main female character in the "Hetalia: Axis Powers" webcomic?
Who is the lead singer of the band Millencolin?
What is the address of the Penza city administration as of March 2019?
How did Celentano meet Ornella Muti?
When did the first glass electrodes appear in Russia?
Is there a Rutul school in Dagestan as of March 2019?
Which side did the Azerbaijani forces support in Mugan?
How many seasons of "The Big Bang Theory" were shown in Russia in 2019?
Who was the Swedish Crown Princess Victoria named after?
How many stories did Kuprin write?
How many players can play BioShock simultaneously?
What is the moth's natural enemy?
How many copies of Sonic Colors are sold in Russia as of 2019?
Was there polygamy in Bagratid Armenia?
What was the name of Peter Simon Pallas' wife?
Which country supported Israel in Operation Protective Edge?
How many campaigns did General Drozdovsky Infantry Division take part in?
Who did Narasimha fight as Vishnu's avatar?
Who said the following words about the telegraph: "This is the end of diplomacy!"
How many submarines does Russia have in 2019?
How many hyperinflations have occured in Russia in the 21st century?
What year was the National Pact adopted in Tukey?
How many languages did Igor Mikhailovich Diakonoff speak?
When was the National Missile Defense founded in Russia?
What is the world's most difficult language to learn as of March 2019?
How many languages was the Treaty of Brest-Litovsk signed in?
At what age did Sir George Hubert Wilkins become a pilot?
What year did Peter the Great get married?
Where did Lenin meet his wife?
Do cows contract dirofilariasis?
How many languages are used in Shin Megami Tensei: Persona 3?
How many buddhists are there in Russia in 2019?
Where was an artificial heart valve first created?
How many teeth does the great white shark have?
Are euros accepted in the USA?
How many people are in a MiG-2 crew?
Is filosophy taught in Ukrainian schools?
Can any Russian citizen use the Institute of Scientific Information on Social Sciences library for free as of April 2019?
How many religious denominations are there in Singapore in 2019?
How many daughters did Marx have?
Does Lebanon have a king as of April 2019?
What is the population of Armenia according to estimates as of January 1, 2016?
Who was the leader of the 1968 Malian coup d'état?
When did Operation Cast Lead happen?
Which region of Russia do they retain the unstressed 'o' in?
How many physical laws did Newton discover?
What was the name of Sumire Uesaka's first movie?
Where is the original copy of the Napoleonic Code kept?
Was Luise Auguste Wilhelmine Amalie of Mecklenburg related to the Emperor of Russia?
What is the name of the highest grossing cartoon in Russia as of March 2019?
What is the average bus waiting time in Saint Petersburg in 2019?
Can Akathisia be cured?
What is the name of the first Indian TV series?
Did "The Big Lebowski" win an Academy Award?
How long are trolleybus tracks in Voronezh as of 2019?
When was the Nashi movement founded?
Which region of Russia has the highest rates of the bronchial asthma?
How many years has Lukashenko been the president of Belarus as of 2019?
Who made the first scientific description of the blue whale?
Where did Dmitry Anatolyevich Medvedev learn to dance?
Is sumo an olympic sport?
How many Russians visited the Cook Islands as of March 2019?
How many liters of Guinness were sold in 2018?
How many people have escaped from the Marshalsea?
What was the name of Mikhail Aleksandrovich Lifshitz's mother?
What is the most prestigious Russian film award?
How many countries have legalized same-sex marriages as of 2019?
What is the average temperature in Novosibirsk in January?
How many people in the world speak the sign language as of January 1, 2019?
When did Russia enter the Russo-Japanese War?
What is the highest mountain in Georgia?
What is the political status of Crimea in April 2019?
How many people lived in the village of Strely in 2018?
Are there general practitioners in Russia as of March 2019?
Is Saint Seraphim-Diveyevo Monastery open as of April 2019?
What were the French World War II casualties?
How many women's convents are there in Russia as of 2019?
How many The Sims copies were sold in Russia in 2018?
How many convents are there in Russia as of March 2019?
What was Tutankhamun's sarcophagus made of?
How many battles did Vladimir Oskarovich Kappel take part in?
What material is the Greek chiton made of?
How many Chevrolet Camaros were sold in the USA during its production years?
How old was Gurgen Margaryan when he died?
Can you work as a teacher in Russia if you have mental disorder records?
Does the Japanese language have an alphabet?
Who played the main character in the movie "Vertigo"?
How many wars did the USSR use T-18 in?
What was the name of Alexander the Great's most well-known lover?
How many castles are there in Normandy?
How many books did Nikolai Semyonovich Leskov write?
What was the name of Winfield Scott Hancock's father?
How much marijuana can one legally keep at home in the Netherlands?
Why is Catherine II called Catherine the Great?
How many Ukrainians went to work in Poland in 2018?
What is Samara's biggest enterprise?
What is the size of Seoul?
Why has the Baltic Sea got this name?
How many women serve in the Israeli Intelligence as of 2019?
What year was Pushkin born?
Is loan protection insurance mandatory in Russia when applying for a mortgage?
Who was the first to describe Mars topography?
Which city was the first diesel locomotive invented in?
Are there age restrictions for playing Limbo?
When was Kazansko-Bogoroditskiy Monastery of Bugulma founded?
How many graduates received gold medals in 2018?
Did Keith John Moon have concerts in Russia?
How are Polish pierogi different from Russian pelmeni?
What is the total number of tanks produced in Italy in the 1910—1943 period?
Who was the chief constructor of "South Dakota"?
How many people live in Donetsk in 2019?
What kind of writing did they use in ancient Mesopotamia?
Where was the game Silent Hill 4: The Room first released?
What is the size of the biggest dump truck made in Belarus?
Who was the chief constructor of SU-152?
Where did the Winter War take place?
How many female academicians are there in Russia as of March 2019?
How long did taking one photo with the very first camera take?
How many people were present during the Holy Fire ceremony in 2018?
How many prizes did Arnold Sommerfeld win?
What place did FC Chita take in the 2017/2018 season?
How many days
Is bitcoin the currency of the future?
How many people died in the First Battle of Bull Run?
When was the village of Ukolitsa founded?
Who is the Russian ambassador in the USA in 2019?
What is the name of the largest tulip park in the Netherlands?
What newspaper was published by the Democratic Union?
What is the currency in Crimea as of April 2019?
What is the name of the oldest grape variety?
How many years did Richard III of England rule?
Which king created the Royal Scots regiment?
Is Janis Lyn Joplin in the 27 Club?
What is the name of Mario's brother in the game of the same name?
Which actor starred in the largest number of James Bond films?
Who won the Battle of the Falkland Islands in 1914?
How many districts are there in the Republic of Adygea of the Russian Federation?
What was the name of Hirohiko Araki's father?
What achievement did Arnold Sommerfeld receive his last medal for?
Where is the Tupolev Design Bureau situated as of 2019?
How many main charity areas does Elena and Gennady Timchenko Foundation have?
Who played the main female character in "American Beauty"?
Who owns the South Pole?
Do you need to know the language of the country in order to be an ambassador there?
How many people died in the West Siberian uprising of 1921-1922?
When was "Evangelion: 2.0 You Can (Not) Advance" translated into Russian?
Which movie did Vysotsky star in?
Who is the head coach of Olympique de Marseille as of April 2019?
Is Aum Shinrikyo banned in Japan in March 2019?
Which city is the Wall of Grief located in?
Is kindergarten attendance mandatory for a child in April 2019?
How many ports are there on the Willamette River?
What year was Nisio Isin born?
What is the name of the home stadium of the Oklahoma City Thunder club?
What is the name of the largest city of Normandy?
How many industrial businesses were there in Chelyabinsk in 2019?
According to data from 2019, what is the temperature of sand in the summer in Egypt?
How many Orthodox universitieis are there in Russia in 2019?
Who is the founder of the joint-stock company of French law?
Which plant was the TU-95 manufactured at?
What is the capital of Palestine?
How did Alexander the Great die?
Was the Pentagon code cracked in 2019?
Can you smoke after a heart attack?
How many Jews died in the Holocaust?
When did Japan invade Korea in World War II?
What country was the first member of the royal dynasty Bernadotte from?
How many children were born in the locality of Verkh-Neivinsky in 2018?
Who composed the soundtrack for the animated trilogy "The Adventures of Lolo the Penguin"?
How many ambulances did Moscow have in 2018?
What was the name of Pavel Andreevich Yarmolenko?
If it is 2PM in Moscow, what time is it in New York?
Did the USA use M16 rifles during the Vietnam War?
How many children were taken away via the Road of Life from the besieged Leningrad?
What was the name of the bride of Prince Albert Victor, Duke of Clarence and Evondale?
Was girls' education mandatory during the USSR occupation of Afghanistan?
How many years did it take to build the Great Wall of China?
Is the founder of Bugatti married?
Who composed the first opera of the Islamic world?
What is the length of the city of Yasnogorsk?
When was the monastery on Mount Athos built?
Who was the captain of the Russian national team in the 2018 World Cup?
Starting at what age can you watch “How to Train Your Dragon”?
Who introduced the concept of string theory?
How many members were there in the Freedom Party of Austria in 2018?
What is the maximum speed of the Battlecruiser as of April 2019?
How many people died fighting for Moscow between 1941 and 1942?
How many days does it take to circumnavigate the Earth?
What year was Grand Duke Nicholas Nikolaevich of Russia born?
What is the most common female name in Moldova in 2019?
Who designed the Bismarck battleship?
When was the first Derflinger-class battlecruiser launched?
What language was Vana Parva written in?
Did Sir William Rowan Hamilton live in Russia?
Do food preferences depend on blood type?
Is there a Mausoleum of Vladimir Ilyich Lenin in Moscow as of April 2019?
What is the name of the Academy of Arts of Israel?
Who was the prototype for Freken Bok?
How many times has the capital of Kazakhstan been renamed as of March 2019?
What was the name of Sir Winston Leonard Spencer Churchill's wife?
How many days did the Battle of Lyuban last?
What was the name of the first Swedish tank?
When did Krishnaism begin to exist?
Where did Grigory Aleksandrovich Potemkin-Tauricheski lose his eye?
What year did the Russian Post start working?
How many people in the world speak Japanese as of April 2019?
Under what tree did the Buddha find enlightenment?
Did the Panzerkampfwagen I participate in World War II?
How long did the Umayyad Caliphate exist?
What is the most popular male name in Tolyatti in 2019?
What is the popular weapon in the world as of 2019?
How many kangaroos are there in Australia in 2019?
Which university did Anatoly Borisovich Chubais graduate from?
According to March 2019 data, where is the largest Catholic cathedral in Russia?
How many levels are there in the game "Deus Ex"?
As of 2019, how many awards does Ilya Valeryevich Kovalchuk have?
How many nicknames does AFC Ajax have?
What was the symbol of the Ming Dynasty?
How long was the Romanov dynasty rule?
What is the name of the main character in "Rurouni Kenshin"?
Who was the mayor of Sumqayit in 1988?
How many demographics exist in Japan exist as of 2018?
What university studies cryptograms?
What is the name of the great craftsman and creator of Armenian cross-stones?
Who led the Confederate States Army in the Second Battle of Bull Run?
How did Grumman F4F Wildcat get its name?
What was the name of the Archbishop Gabriel at birth?
Does Russian School teach religious studies as of April 2019?
How much does the most expensive brand cost in 2019?
How much does the Kalashnikov assault rifle cost in 2019 in Russia?
How many programming languages ​​are there as of 2019?
How many firefighters died during the accident at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant?
How much does a visa to Australia cost for Russians as of March 2019?
Is it possible to buy Tavegil without a prescription in Russia?
How many characters does the longest information code have?
How do you extinguish a metal fire?
How long does it take to sail to Hong Kong from Vladivostok?
Was the Lord High Admiral of the Royal Navy a woman in April 2019?
Which Russian university opened the first biophysical faculty?
How long did Henry II, Holy Roman Emperor rule?
Why did Gogol burn the second volume of "Dead Souls"?
Are women allowed to wear short shorts in North Korea in April 2019?
Where was the hourglass invented?
How many members of the Russian Provisional Government were shot by the Bolsheviks?
What is the name of the US Navy's largest battleship?
When did Byzantine historiography begin?
Did Iconoclasm exist in old Russia?
How many works did Friedrich Wilhelm Joseph Schelling write?
Which university do you need to attend to become a judge in Russia?
Who was the creator of the first Macedonian dictionary?
Who discovered quantum strings?
How many people in the world speak Azerbaijani as of March 2019?
Who decoded the first papyrus?
Who was the artist for "Dragon Age: Origins"?
Which is the leading political party in Argentina in 2019?
How many hours difference are there between Russia and Tatarstan?
When did the first Apollo mission fly into space?
When did the first gladiator fight take place?
Which university was founded by Leo Klejn?
What is the deepest lake in Italy?
When did "Sonic Colors" come out in Russia?
Who led the White movement during the Russian Civil War?
Is the Jehovah's Witnesses organization banned in China as of April 2019?
Why wasn't America named after Columbus?
Does "Guild Wars 2" have a Russian location?
Have Horace's poems been translated into Russian?
What city was Rachel Louise Carson born in?
What was awarded to Petr Ivanovich Panin at the end of the siege of Bender?
How many metro stations in Moscow are there as of March 2019?
What color is the skin of the inhabitants of Pandora in the movie "Avatar"?
Who is the current mayor of Vladimir?
When was the largest terrorist attack in Russia, based on the number of victims, as of March 2019?
Can a student access the Library of the Russian Academy of Sciences in Saint Petersburg?
How many novels did Sergey Lukyanenko write prior to January 1, 2019?
How many letters are in the Old Slavic language?
What craft was Nicopolis known for?
How many fires occurred in Moscow in 2019?
In what century were blood libels most prevalent in Russia?
Who was the first to study the history of Berlin?
How many meters has the level of Jakarta dropped since its founding?
When was the first mention of Moscow in chronicles?
Throughout how many days do the events of the film "Walking the Streets of Moscow" take place?
Do women serve on submarines in Russia?
When was the "Well of Loneliness" translated into Russian?
Was Alexander Valterovich Litvinenko married?
What is the name of the central square in Karpinsk?
Where is the Iowa-class battleship located as of April 2019?
What is the age rating for "Deadpool 2"?
How many languages ​​has Kara no Kyoukai been translated into as of 2019?
Who became the bride of Prince Albert Victor, Duke of Clarence and Evondale?
What is 911?
Who was the first theorist of Chinese nationalism?
Can women go to college in Syria as of 2019?
What did the inhabitants of Teotihuacan use to observe the stars?
What kind of education did Yevgeny Alekseyevich Fedorov receive?
How many Garibaldi Squares are there in Italy as of 2019?
What was the name of the woman on the STS-128 mission?
What was the bloodiest battle of the First World War?
How many wives did Henry the Fowler have?
How many Catholic churches are there in Russia as of March 2019?
Which party does Vladimir Rostislavovich Medinsky belong as of March 2019?
How many Uzbeks live in Russia as of 2019?
How many Faberge eggs are there in the Hermitage Museum?
When did the Decree on Separation of Church and State lose its power?
Who led the removal of Soviet troops from Afghanistan?
Where did Julius Robert Oppenheimer study?
When was the Axis coalition formed?
Where was the first estate of the Shishkin family?
Has the intravital portrait of Cleopatra been preserved?
Does Russia have an award for best voice actor as of 2019?
How many Ironclad warships were sunk during the World War II in total?
Why did Trotsky move to Mexico?
Who is the protagonist of the first novel of the Martian trilogy?
What is the deepest lake in the world?
Which industry became the most profitable in Komsomolsk-on-Amur in 2018?
What do the colors of Scottish kilts mean?
How many awards did Osip Matveevich Kostyuk receive during his lifetime?
Was there a marriage planned between Victoria, Crown Princess of Sweden and Felipe VI of Spain?
Do all governments of the world have legal states as of March 2019?
How many tombs are found in the Valley of the Kings?
How many Ukrainians moved to the United States in 2018 ?
How many Armenians died during the genocide of 1915?
Which bird can fly the longest without rest?
How many children did Ivan Ivanovich Ivanov have?
Was Ivan Yakovlevich Koreisha a serf?
What is the area of ​​the Kingdom of Norway?
How many countries have a Google Office location?
What is the distance between Russia and Germany?
When was Treasure Island Dizzy released in Russia?
How many Hiryū aircraft carriers were made in Japan?
How many days were there in the Mayan calendar?
What is evidence?
How many people attended the Stalin's funeral?
Where was Juliusz Slovak born?
Did Megadeth receive any Grammy Awards?
How many branches of Mormonism are there as of 2019?
How many gas pipelines are there in Ukraine as of March 2019?
How many husbands has Britney Spears had?
What is the widest street in Warsaw?
Can a white monk become a metropolitan bishop?
What award did Andrei Zvyagintsev's "Leviathan" receive?
Is there a lighthouse in Gibraltar?
What is the most valuable substance in chamomile oil?
How many species of moth are there?
How many episodes of the computer game series "Prince of Persia" have been released so far?
How many copies of the game Heroes of Might and Magic III: The Restoration of Erathia were sold worldwide in 2018?
How many children did Lenin and Krupskaya have?
In which university does Lukashenko's son study in according to the data for 2019?
Is Ahmed Khalidovich Zakayev married?
How many total times was Tomos provided over the entire history of the orthodox church?
Where is Antoine-Louis-Claude Destute, Count of Tracy's family estate located?
How many games did Roberto Donadoni play over his whole career?
When was the Avarian khandom first mentioned in written sources?
What title did Ciceron hold?
What is the biggest temple in Singapore called?
Where did Benny Wirtzberg spend the Holocaust?
In which country did "behaviorism" originate?
What was the population density in China in 2019?
In how many wars was the "Iskander" complex used in March 2019?
Was the Korean language banned during the Japanese annexation of Korea?
Can children take antidepressants?
What award did the film "The Last Wave" receive?
How many official languages were there in Lausanne as of April 2019?
Is there a beach in Ivanovka?
Why did World War I begin?
How much does an adult ticket to Disneyland, France cost as of March 2019?
Who was the chief commander of the Russian army in the battle for Moscow in 1941-1942?
Which flower is the strongest allergen?
How many Jews died in Stalin's camps in the USSR?
How many gold medals did Russia earn in the Summer Olympics of 2016?
What is the name of the mother of Alexander Adolfovich Burb?
What was the name of the first jazz album?
Is school education necessary for girls in the UAE?
How many total gold medals did Svetlana Yuryevna Sleptsova earn?
How many total Williamson Amplifiers were released in the years of WWII worldwide?
Where in Europe is the biggest Jewish community?
How many markets are there in Marrakesh as of March 2019?
When does the Aurora bush begin to bloom?
When was the first sauna in Rome created?
What is the concentration of oxygen on the highest mountain in Pamir?
In what year was the Gell Athletic Association created?
How many tourists visited Kiev in 2018?
Who was the most popular soccer player in Russia in 2018?
What was the name of the first named train of the Moscow Metropolitan?
On which ship did Admiral Kolchak sail?
How many cars drive daily across the Crimean bridge?
How many years did the Gothic wars last?
Who does the club "Enisey" belong to as of April 2019?
Is there a neuter case in the Russian language?
On which of the towers of the Moscow Kremlin is there a clock?
In how many countries was "How to Train Your Dragon" shown?
How many branches of Alpha-bank are there in Moscow?
What was the name of the first Indian series translated into Russian?
Did women fight in the Russo-Turkish war?
Where was the first battle of WWII that Ukrainian soldiers participated in?
Where in the US is the biggest Chevrolet plant located?
In which region of Russia is the largest population of grouse as of March 2019?
Which vitamin supports the human immune system?
Where in Chamberie is the Russo museum?
Was Gaudi's Sagrada Familia completed as of April 2019?
In whose honor was Henrich I nicknamed Boklerk?
When were the first Roman saunas opened?
Is the church connected to state power in Singapore?
Who is the main constructor of "Concord"?
How many people were resettled in Kazakhstan during the labor mobilization?
What faculty did Condolisa Rice complete?
Where did Copernicus die?
In how many countries was polygamy allowed in 2019?
Why is Pavlensky called a vandal?
What is the name of the largest caterpillar in Russia?
Did the Archbishop Theophylact study abroad?
How many trolleybuses were in the Voronezh autopark as of 2019?
Who starred in the main role in "Star Trek"?
Was "Star gate SG-1" translated into Russian?
Who was the dean of SPBSU in 2019?
Who is considered the founder of German opera?
Who wrote the music to the film "Hipsters"?
How many Croatians died in the war in Croatia?
What was the name of the first wife of Mark Portsiy Caton?
How many husbands did Queen Victoria have?
How many Jews did "Joint" help in 2018?
How many people in Belarus speak Russian in 2019?
What was the reason for the failure of the White movement in Russia?
How many times was Nicolas Copernicus married?
Is there a direct flight from Moscow to Alma-Atu?
What was the reason for the Bosnian war?
Are any other paintings hanging in te hall with the painting of Mona Lisa in the Louvre?
Which volume of the magazine "Sun" had the widest circulation in 2019?
When could a young woman get married in the Sienna Republic (from what age)?
How many malignant bacteria are known to this day in the world?
Does the group Sex Pistols still exist as of April 2019?
Do women serve in the Sri Lankan army as of April 2019?
What is the difficulty level of Diablo III?
How many prisoners died during the construction of the Transpolar Express in the 20th century?
In which forces did Alexander Ilyich Lizyukov serve?
Is Beda the Honorable counted among saints?
When did the first labor exchange in Russia appear?
In what year does the action in the work "Tale of Svetomir the Tsarevich" occur?
How many libraries are there in Minsk?
How many Chevrolet Camaros were exported over years of release?
Did Britney Spears perform in Russia?
Who was the chief editor of the magazine "Sun" in 2019?
Was Louisa Meklenburgskaya happy in her marriage?
What is the longest flight completed on a Ty-154?
What spiritual seminary is the largest in Russia?
Was the investigation of the Boeing 77 catastrophe in the Donetsk region completed as of March 2019?
How many Hungarians lived in Transylvania in 1945?
What is a wrestler?
Who won in the confrontation of Tali- Ikhantala?
How many screen errors exist of J. R.R. Tolkien's "Lord of the Rings"?
In which studio was the first album Billy's Band recorded?
In which country was the death penalty preserved in 2019?
How many languages does Esma Assad speak?
Who was the first head of the Ostr
Who is the main character in the romance series "The Wheel of Time"?
Who in the Bonaparte dynasty was the king of Italy?
When did the second season "Babylon-5" come to the Russian screen?
Where was peace signed after the 7-Year War?
How many Russians moved to Brazil permanently in 2018?
How many passengers did the Russian rail system transfer in 2018?
How much did the British infantry tank Mk.III "Valentine" weigh?
Who was the costume artist of the 2017 film "Beauty and the Beast"?
How many countries are in the UN as of March 2019?
How much does a tour of "The Golden Ring of Russia" cost from Moscow by bus as of March 2019?
Did Kant visit Russia?
At what age did Janet Levin March disappear?
How much does a visa to Greece cost for Russians as of March 2019?
What's the depth of the river Volga?
In how many battles did Vasiliy Konstantinovich Blyukher participate?
How many submarines in the navy of Great Britain were there as of April 2019?
Does the city of Lublyan have access to the sea?
How many books are there in the "Vorkosygan Saga"?
How many theories of creation exist in 2019?
How many republics were in the USSR in 1990?
How many people participated in Stalin's funeral procession?
When was Bartholemeu Henri Allen born?
How many departments were there in the Far Eastern National Technical Fishery University in 2018?
In what year was the first locomotive invented?
What threatens a person with iron deficiency?
Was Engelsina Sergeevna Cheshkova in Japan?
When was the last outbreak of the plague pinpointed in Europe?
Is there a computer game in the survival horror genre in Russia as of March 2019?
How many awards did the film "Groundhog Day" receive?
How many streets are there in the city of Tambov according to the data for 2019?
When did Tamerlan conquer Russia?
How many children did Francois Kenet have?
Was the novel series "The Witcher" televised?
When was the first Hong Kong Cinema film released?
Why was the organization "OURS" disbanded?
What was the source of the debt crisis in 2010?
How many people died in the civil war in the Central African Republic as of March 2019?
What is the name of the first female ship captain in Russia?
Which battle in the second world war was the bloodiest by victims?
How many Russians lived in Semei in 2018?
How many 2C3 "Acacia" were released?
When was the "Case of Suburban Muscovite Casinos" started?
In how many wars did Alexander Vasilyevich Kolchak participate?
What percentage of divorce does Russia have as of 2019?
Where is the portrait of Joaquino Antonio Rossini kept?
Where is the preserved Train O kept as of April 2019?
How many nuclear plants are on Greek territory?
Where is the biggest Azerbaijani community in the world by population as of March 2019?
Which century do the earliest sources trace back to according to African mythology?
What is the reason of the failure of the Kornilov Affair?
How many sounds were there in Old Slavic?
Where do the missions take place in Warcraft II: Tides of Darkness?
How many years did American figure skater Charlie White perform with his partner Meryl Davis?
What is the name of the national dance of Azerbaijan?
What is the name of the main trainer "Spartak-Nalchik" as of March 2019?
How many people were counted in the Jewish community of Bender in April 2019?
What language was the ancient Torah written in?
How many people died in the battle of Fontenua?
Was there a female pilot of Jagdgeschwader 52, JG 52?
Pedophiles- are they only men?
Which Russian soccer player is the most highly paid according to data from 2019?
Is it possible to visit Palestine with an Israeli visa in your passport?
What distance is Rostov from Moscow?
When was the tractate "About Government" written?
What part of North Korean territory is taken up by forests?
Was Alexander Walterovich Litvinenko a spy?
Were Moscow churches destroyed during Stalin's reconstruction of Moscow?
How many goals did Dmitry Evgeniyevich Torbinsky make as of April 2019?
How many children were born in the Kaliningrad District in 2018?
How many years did it take to build the Second Temple of Jerusalem?
Was Ivan Konstantinovich Aivazovsky ever in France?
Is there an active volcano in Taiwan?
Who was the first Anglo-Norman monarch in England?
Who was the director of the series "Happy Together"?
What was the period of the fall of the Actinoids?
How many steps are there in a tsigun?
How many copies of BioShock were sold in Russia in 2019?
In which battle did Arthur Wellsley, the 1st Herzog of Wellington, participate?
Who commanded the Greeks in the Battle of Sakarya?
How many countries banned GMOs in 2019?
What was the average doctor's salary in Kaluga in 2019?
How many people got married in Las Vegas in 2018?
How many Rutuls reside in Azerbaijan as of March 2019?
As of 2019, which country has the most hackers living in it?
Who was the architect of the Palatine Chapel?
What is the difference between a subdialect and an accent?
How did the daughters of Nicholas II sign their letters?
As of March 2019, where is the Ukranian Black Sea naval base located?
How many human temperaments are there?
How many children does Mikhail Gorbachev have?
What is Dmitry Peskov's salary based on 2018 data?
Are the Futurama animated series appropriate for children?
Is book dust harmful to humans?
What functions of the human body is thalamus responsible for?
How many times did Lenin visit Germany?
How many banks are there in Russia as of March 2019?
How many languages have Icelandic Folktales been translated into?
When did Scott Moir and Tessa Virtue start skating as a pair?
Where did Pugachev's Rebellion start?
Where did the tradition of putting up a fir tree for Christmas originate?
What was the name of The Fall's drummer?
How many books by Sergei Lukyanenko were published in Russia in 2018?
How many Swedes reside in Vyborg as of March 2019?
How many mortgage loans were issued in Russia in 2018?
Which antidepressant is currently available in Russia without a prescription?
In how many wars did Alexander Vasilyevich Suvorov act as a military commander?
Did Margarita from "The Master and Margarita" fly on a broomstick?
Was Tolyatti a closed city during the Soviet period?
How many warriors did the Mongol army have?
How much did a boat ticket from Tallinn to Saint Petersburg cost in 2019?
How many main characters are there in The Simpsons animated series?
How many libraries did Ruan Yuan establish?
Who is the owner of Los Angeles Lakers as of April 2019?
What is the average height of men in Brazil?
What is the name of the work by Ilf and Petrov that is most popular in Russia?
What is the emblem of the All-Ukrainian Union "Svoboda"?
Did Assyria have its own alphabet?
How can one become a nun at the St. Nicholas Monastery?
What tree species are used for making paper?
When did the anti-Spartan alliance created by Alcibiades fall apart?
How tall is Francesco Totti?
Why did Democratic Union fall apart?
What is the frequency of Maria Sharapova’s cries?
What is the name of the smallest predator in the world?
How long is a tiger's tail?
Why was there a group self-immolation incident in Beijing in 2001?
For how many years did Henry II Plantagenet reign?
Which river flows through Ukraine's Kiliya District?
When was an artificial heart valve implanted for the first time in Russia?
As of March 2019, how many people in Nigeria speak a dialect of the Bade language?
How many architectural structures did Konstantin Stepanovich Melnikov create?
How many times was Alexios III Angelos married?
How many years did it take to build the Russian railroad?
When was the first underwater nuclear explosion conducted?
Who was the first recipient of the USSR State Prize?
Who came up with the idea to create the Pacific Fleet Air Force?
What was the weight of the first microscope ever invented?
Where did the name "Neanderthal" come from?
When was the first DR1 diesel train manufactured?
How many children did Dmitry Sergeyevich Merezhkovsky have?
Who was the chief designer of the Viper grenade launcher?
In how many battles of the Second World War did First Guards Tank Brigade participate?
Who is the coach of the Russia national ice hockey team as of 2019?
In which country was the first ship built?
What does GDP stand for?
When did Ukraine establish its embassy in Poland?
During the reign of which empress did Pugachev's Rebellion occur?
Has there ever been a female Pope of Rome?
What was the name of Stalin's favorite ballet?
How many peacekeepers were aiding UN in 2018?
Which museum in Turkey received the most visitors in 2018?
Is there a Kalmyk language newspaper in Russia?
What is the origin of Odessa wit jokes?
Where is Germany's oldest working university located?
What salary did members of the Russian Federation Presidential Council for Science and High Technology earn as of 2019?
What is the name of the biggest enterprise in Atbasar as of April 2019?
How many Chinese reside in Russia as of March 2019?
For which shah was a palace constructed in Shaki?
Was William Stephen Wright married?
How is migraine treated?
Is manufacturing of MDMA banned in Russia?
Are virophages being studied in Russia?
When was Operation Barbarossa carried out?
What is the nearest settlement to the Makovka mountain?
How many medals was Michael Faraday awarded during his lifetime?
What was the weight of SU-152?
How many Russian dialects exist in total?
How high could Vaslav Nijinsky jump?
How many times has Astana been renamed?
How may years did Yevgeny Dmitrievich Polivanov live?
Where in Russia is the largest collection of ancient humans' stone weapons stored?
Who leads the Yaroslavl Chamber Theater in 2019?
Did Russia participate in Formula 1 World Championship in 2018?
What is the common name of acetylsalicylic acid?
Is Breaking Bad appropriate for children?
What rating does Spirited Away have on KinoPoisk?
What was the essence of Operation Barbarossa?
Did Alexander Vladimirovich Kibovskiy write a book on military attire?
How many members did A Just Russia have in 2018?
How many churches were built in Russia in 2018?
How many children did General Krasovsky have?
When was "Seeta and Geeta" aired in the USSR?
How many children were born in Tolyatti in 2018?
How many bridges across the Neva River exist?
For how many years are people jailed for extremism in Russia based on 2018 data?
What was housed in the Peter and Paul Fortress before 1917?
Is it possible to determine a person's temperament based on the shape of his or her ears?
When was Gen Urobuchi born?
Who won the first Wimbledon Tournament?
When was the first open brain surgery carried out in Russia?
How many awards did Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde receive during his lifetime?
In which war were cruisers used for the first time?
As of April 2019, what is the size of Ilham Heydar oglu Aliyev's personal wealth in dollars?
What is the area of the town of Smarhon in Hrodna Region?
What is pomegranate considered to symbolize in Armenia?
How many colors can the human eye distinguish?
As of March 2019, how many Russians reside in Bulgaria?
Which region in Russia has the most long-livers as of March 2019?
What does the Greek word "ecosystem" mean?
How many people took part in the Battle of Kursk?
Is it possible to grow gluten-free wheat?
When did England start to mint its own currency?
Did Aleksandr Stepanovich Antonov support Bolsheviks?
As of April 2019, does every school in Russia have a child psychologist?
Did American Indians take part in the Battle of Bull Run?
How many copies of Final Fantasy were sold in Russia in 2018?
How many lion statues did Lviv have in 2019?
How many Russian soldiers died in the Soviet-Finnish war in 1939–1940?
As of April 2019, does the Islamic State (IS for short) have a capital?
Are NK-12 being manufactured in 2019?
Did Rene Guenon compose his works in Arabic?
Who was Catherine de Medici's court perfumer?
How many deputies does the Russian State Duma have as of March 2019?
According to 2019 data, who is the youngest millionaire in Russia?
What was the name of the first woman who held a political post in Russia?
According to the most current data, who is the commander-in-chief of the Armed Forces of Ukraine?
Do Russian citizens need a visa to travel to Malaysia?
When was Vladimir Ivanovich Dzyubinsky born?
What was the name of the capital of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania in the 15th century?
How many Ukrainians died during the Second World War?
Did the number of Ukrainian schools in Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic diminish in 1970?
How many attempts did it take for the Wright brothers to get their airplane airborne?
How many Azerbaijanis reside in Moscow as of March 2019?
Are there any Rutuls residing in the USA?
Through how many Russian regions does he Volga River flow?
Who is Vladimir Putin's wife as of 2019?
Who created the first programming language?
What does the word "Ajax" mean in Dutch?
During the reign of which Russian empress did Classicism become fashionable?
What percentage of Angola's population was illiterate in 2019?
Did the 456 alien race have females?
What is the rating of Star Trek on KinoPoisk?
Starting at what age can one be admitted to the Nakhimov Naval School in Saint Petersburg?
How many applicants competed for each place in the General Medicine program at the Moscow Medical University in 2018?
How many schools does the town of Glukhovo have as of 2019?
For how many years did Beckham play for Manchester United?
How many criminals were subjected to involuntary medical treatment in 2018 in Russia?
When did the flight of STS-134 start?
Who names hurricanes?
How many battles did aircraft carrier Zuikaku participate in?
Why was the E locomotive known as "Eshak"?
Do longhorn beetles bite?
Who was the first person to perform Amazing Grace?
How many pilgrims visited The Wailing Wall in 2018?
When did The Lost Crown: A Ghost-Hunting Adventure quest come out?
Where in Russia is the largest collection of papyruses as of March 2019 located?
What is Lebanon's official religion as of April 2019?
How many kilometers of trolley bus routes are there in Saint Petersburg as of 2019?
Has there been a feature film about the life of Helena Petrovna Blavatsky made in Russia?
By what other names is the Afghan War referred to?
When did Goguryeo seize to exist?
How many states formed the Confederacy?
In what year did John Lennon and Yoko Ono get married?
What is the punishment for gambling in China?
What is the name of the largest island in Venice?
How many films has Lindsay Dee Lohan played parts in as of March 2019?
How many people were employed at the United States Mint in 2018?
When did manufacturing of heavy cruisers start in Russia?
What is depicted on the emblem of the United Russia party?
What does the ancient symbol Star of David mean?
Why did the Six-Day War start?
How long did the Bosnian War last?
How many combat vessels does the Ukrainian Navy have as of March 2019?
When did the notion of God appear for the first time?
How many countries were Russia's allies in the First World War?
Who wrote the book "The Camorra"?
What is the rating of the Power Rangers series at the KinoPoisk website?
Where were glass electrodes mass produced for the first time?
What was the name of the main deity in Slavic mythology?
What is the greenest city in Russia based on March 2019 data?
Was parapsychology studied in Russia in 2018?
Who created the Chinese studio Spicy Horse?
How much did the Type 1 47 mm anti-tank gun weigh?
How many linguistic universities are there in Russia as of 2019?
Where is the Freedom Party of Austria headquarters located?
What is the name of the most popular shopping center in Balashikha?
What is the name of Doku Khamatovich Umarov's mother?
When did the Ukrainian Orthodox Church get the autocephalous status?
What is the largest battleship in Russia as of March 2019 called?
How many times has Hirohiko Araki been married?
What movie was shot in Baku?
How many US presidents have been Masons?
How many Russians live in Lithuania in 2019?
What family did Manuel I Komnenos come from?
Who provided the voice for the Doctor in the first season on Russian TV?
Who inhabited Mercia?
Which law department in the Russian Federation is the most prestigious one as of 2019?
Which book first mentions transhumanism?
In what year was Denis Vasilyevich Davydov born?
Was M1918 Browning Automatic Rifle used in the USSR?
What is anima mundi according to Hegel?
What was the capital of the Visigothic Kingdom?
How many countries were members of UNICEF in 2018?
How was the United States Navy created?
How many types of troops are there in Russia as of 2019?
How many awards did Robert Anson Heinlein receive when he was alive?
Where did Steve Wozniak meet Steve Jobs?
How many children does Alla Pugacheva have?
Which country is home to the largest number of hackers as of 2019?
What is the duration of a moth's life?
When did Freelancer become available in Russia for the first time?
How many copies of Survival horror genre games were sold in Russia in 2018?
Who are representative of early Spanish literature?
How old was Trotsky when he died?
Are there Roman baths in Slovakia?
Where do they keep the largest collection of Azerbaijani carpets?
Did Margarita from "The Master and Margarita" like yellow flowers?
Did Louis Pasteur receive the Nobel Prize?
What is the most common type of sea birds in the world as of 2019?
How much does a 76 mm mountain gun M1938 weigh?
Are Russian tourists with an Azerbaijani visa in their passport allowed to visit Armenia?
How many ships can the Hong Kong port accept in 2019?
Is there an anime and manga school in Russia?
How many universities are there in the state of Texas in 2019?
How many awards did Fyodor Osipovich Schechtel have during his lifetime?
Is it possible to play the Soul game for free in Russia as of March 2019?
What was the duration of the Singapore strategy?
How many battles did Ambrose Powell Hill Jr. win?
How many bridges are there in Tbilisi?
Did Pierre and Marie Curie fall in love with each other at first sight?
What was the maximum firing range of a Type 1 47 mm anti-tank gun?
Does Russia's army include Project 1234 small missile ships according to the 2018 data?
For how many years did Jefferson Finis Davis serve as the president of the Confederate States of America?
How many types of declension are there in the Russian language?
What is the price of one candle in a church in Moscow in 2019?
How many 105mm Howitzer Motor Carriage M7 took part in the World War II?
In how many battles did the 18th Slovenian Bazovitskiy shock brigade take part?
Who was the first to define the HIV infection?
Who owns the Ajax club as of March 2019?
How tall was the Piltdown Man?
When did they start distinguishing cataract from glaucoma?
How many Russian planes participated in air battles in Kuban?
Where is Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater set?
Who has been the first jazz performer?
How many wives could a caliph have?
Who provided the voice for Bolt in the Russian voice-over?
Whom was Beckham's daughter named after?
Are there age restrictions in the game Silent Hill 4: The Room?
When was the terry tulip cultivated?
What is the maximum speed that a lion can develop?
How many world creation theories are there?
Was Ottawa's mayor a woman as of April 2019?
What is a 105mm Howitzer Motor Carriage M7's maximum speed?
What is Luzhichans' religion?
How many sects are there in Russia as of March 2019?
How many copies of the Guilty Gear game were sold in Russia as of March 2019?
How long did False Dmitry I live?
How many Russian tourists visited Marrakech in 2018?
What is Tito's villa called?
Was it forbidden to be a member of the Socialist Revolutionary Party in the USSR?
Who organized the explosions of residential buildings in Russia on September 4–16, 1999?
How many Russian athletes were stripped of their Olympic medals after the McLaren Report?
How many countries were members of the International Ice Hockey Federation in 2018?
Did men and women have equal rights in the Inca Empire?
What was Karpinsk called before the October Revolution?
How many types of magnets are there?
Who discovered the magnetosphere of Jupiter?
What is the salary of the Russian national team hockey players according to the 2019 data?
Who is the head of the Catholic Church in Russia in 2019?
Is Johann Gottlieb Fichte's work taught at Russian universities?
Did Prince Albert Victor, Duke of Clarence and Avondale, ever get married?
In which war was the Second Coalition formed?
When was the movie "Scream" released in Russia?
What does the bald eagle subsist on?
When was the medical service of the British Armed Forces created?
How many bodyguards does Putin have as of 2019?
How many female Soviet pilots took part in air battles in Kuban?
When was the first open heart surgery performed?
How many languages is the novel "The White Guard" translated to as of 2019?
What is the average summer temperature in Texas?
Who is the head of the Botanical Garden of the Komarov Botanical Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences at the moment?
How many museums are there in Amsterdam as of March 2019?
Who is the chair of the Presidential Council on Science and High Technologies in 2019?
How does one enroll in the medical service of the British Armed Forces?
Can one play the game Guild Wars for free in Russia as of April 2019?
What was the name of the first president of the Russian Federation?
When did the Hellenistic period start?
Where is the original of Hegel's Encyclopedia of Philosophical Sciences kept?
How many cardinals voted for John Paul II in the Conclave?
How many children does Valery Meladze have?
What is the prison term in Russia for negligent homicide in 2019?
How many 1936 type guns have been produced?
Who was the first to describe the myth about the abduction of Europe by Zeus?
When was monarchy abolished in China?
What is depicted on the coat of arms of the city of Kurgan?
How many guns were there on the first Lion-class battlecruiser?
How many Jews moved to the US during the World War II?
Did Cleopatra VII Philopator poison herself?
How many tourists visit the Sistine Chapel annually?
Who instilled the love for Russian fairy tales in Alexander Pushkin?
Did Count Lev Nikolayevich Tolstoy have a happy marriage?
Where does the expression "To Berlin!" come from?
Who became the first convicted terrorist in Russia?
How many sisters did Anastasia Nikolaevna have?
Did Bach play the violin?
How much did the missile carrier in the Project Shark weigh?
How many sounds are in the Kazakh language?
What is the longest bridge in Istanbul as of 2019?
When was the band Leningrad's song "Antidepressants" written?
In which city were heavy Tacao-type battlecruisers produced?
What is the distance between Tokyo and Moscow?
Why is zmey's name Gorynych in Russian fairy tales?
Who is the phrase "Plato is my friend, but truth is a better friend" attributed to?
Which Russian tennis player has the greatest number of awards as of 2019?
When was the game Soul created?
When did Muslims split into Sunnis and Shiites?
How much does it a ride on a Voronezh trolleybus cost in 2019?
What causes autism?
How many fighters were there in the Galicia division of the SS ?
How many female convicts are there in Russia as of March 2019?
How many types of poison in terms of the origin are there?
Do representatives of the Moscow City Duma have diplomatic immunity?
Who led the White Army in the Russian Civil War?
When was the first bunker created?
What was the precondition of the Polish conspiracy of 1814 in Tomsk?
Which firm makes radars for Mercedes-Benz in 2019?
How many sisters and brothers did Grand Duke Nikolai Nikolaevich have?
What was the consequence of the collapse of the USSR?
For how many years did Metropolitan Benjamin live in the US?
Who first introduced the term "circumvention of the law"?
How many Nobel Prize laureates live in Russia according to the 2019 data?
How many members does the Palestine Liberation Organization have as of March 2019?
What is the address of United Russia's headquarters?
When was The Walking Dead: The Game released in Russia?
How many Armenians died in the Karabakh conflict?
What many people were there in the 1st SS Panzer Division "Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler"?
Which Georgian singer was included in the Guinness Book of Records in 2006?
How was the first "Calm" torpedo boat dubbed?
Who received the titled of the World Men's Wrestling Champion in 2018?
Do they teach in Russian schools how to use protection during sex?
When was Eduard von Toll born?
How is the word "Derfflinger" translated from German?
What material did they write on in the Harappan civilization?
How many Ukrainian civilians died in the Battle of Mariupol in 2014?
As of March 2019, for how many years do children attend an art school in Russia?
What award did Anna Stepanovna Politkovskaya get?
How many children did Cleopatra VII Philopator have?
What did inhabitants of ancient Teotihuacan use to observe the stars?
How many stockholders of the French law joint stock company are there in 2019?
How many children did Anne Brontë have?
What was the first capital of the kingdom of Noricum called?
Where are the remnants of Costa Concordia as of 2019?
Where was the greatest-impact earthquake in terms of casualties in 2018?
How many modifications of Tu-154 are there at the moment?
Which parasite is the most dangerous for human life?
When was a brain tomography performed for the first time?
When was the Kirovo-Chepetsk Chemical Enterprise closed down?
Who composed the music for the game Alice: Madness Returns?
How many peoples live on the territory of Kazakhstan according to the 2019 data?
How much does a Sapsan ticket cost in 2019?
How much coal is mined in Donbass according to the 2018 data?
In how many countries is Buddhism the official religion as of 2019?
Who led the Western Siberia Uprising of 1921-22?
How tall was Emmeline Pankhurst?
What is the most overcrowded city as of 2019?
Who was the commander of the Aoba battlecruiser in 1945?
Is Indonesia a kingdom?
How did Bolotnaya Square case end?
When did Ireland become part of the Great Britain?
Which computer game became best selling in Russia in 2018?
Have Zoran Đinđić's assassins been imprisoned?
How many tsars have there been in Russia?
What is the main statue in Odessa called?
How many movies did Sergei Iosifovich Parajanov direct?
Did the population of the Borovskoe village grow in 2018?
How far is the Cathedral of the Icon of the Mother of God of the Sign from Moscow?
How long does it take to travel from Ufa to Moscow by train?
Where is Federer training in 2019?
Did the Sumerians have an army?
Has Matthew Konstantinovsky been canonized?
What name did Prince Vladimir's mother get when she was baptized?
How many awards has Viktor Kirsanovitsj Boelgakov received?
When was the first episode of Flash broadcast in Russia?
Did the Barga Mongols have a calendar?
Which European museum exhibits the paintings of Tibet?
How many neurons are there in human brain?
What was the name of the dragon in How to Train Your Dragon?
When was the series Vampire Diaries released on the screens of Russia?
When did the Ukrainian language emerge?
How fast could the Edmontosaurus run?
How many people were arrested for the Turkish coup d'état attempt?
How many levels are there in Dishonored?
How long has The Fall been around for?
When did Republika Srpska find itself incorporated into Bosnia and Herzegovina?
What resulted in Boris Yeltsin coming to power in Russia?
In what language did Kadi Ahmad Burhan al-Din write poetry?
Where on the human body are the most receptors located?
What is the insignia of the Russian army?
How many battles did Alexander Vasilyevich Kolchak win?
When did Shakira visit Russia?
What is the name of Greek goddess of war?
What is the name of Michael Jackson's best selling single?
What is Gazprom's share price as of April 2019?
How many religious denominations are there in Russia as of 2019?
How much did Panzerkampfwagen I weigh?
How many albums has Limp Bizkit recorded as of today?
How many Sonic Adventure 2 copies have been sold in Russia by 2019?
How many paintings did Kuzma Petrov-Vodkin paint?
How many firefighters fought a fire in Limping horse club?
What is the population of Kurdistan Region as of March 2019?
How did word "bistro" appear in French language?
What was the budget of Spirited Away?
Who wrote Tanakh?
Who was representative of Mensheviks?
How much does the biggest hazel grouse in Russia weighs as of March 2019?
Haw many countries took part in naval battles of the American Revolutionary War?
Which theory underlies Trotskyism?
When did first influenza vaccination occur?
How many Chechen wars happened as of March 2019?
Who is goalkeeper of Chelsea as of 2019?
Is clarinet used in opera?
Can SSL protocol be used for free in Russia?
How many concubines did Murad II have?
Can tourist attend a meeting of the Parliament of the United Kingdom
How many languages was Indian movie Dilwale Dulhania Le Jayenge translated in?
How many ranks did wives of Chinese emperor have?
How many issues of Girl Genius are there as of March 2019?
Did Greece lose the First World War?
How many wives did the firs Emperor of Goguryeo have?
How many works did Ostrovsky write?
What was percentage of divorces in Saint Petersburg in 2018?
What is the brand of the majority of police cars in Germany according to 2019 data?
How many age variants does Viking have?
How many Russians visited Crimea in 2018?
How many times was the bandleader of Nautilus Pompilius married?
Why did Republic of Serbian Krajina cease to exist?
How many dynasties ruled the Kingdom of the Franks?
What is contracted officer's wage in Russia as of 2019?
Who was first to define gravity?
How many people lived in Kolomna in 2019?
What government form was in Harappan Civilisation?
Why do they not sit during the service in Russian Church?
Was anticommunism banned in USSR?
What name did names of Savva Mamontov's children compose
Does Ukraine have access to international waters?
How many children did Enver Hoxha have?
How many poetry collections of Sylvia Plath were published during her life?
What was the motto of the 1st SS Panzer Division "Leibstandarte SS Adolf Hitler"?
What is the average height of woman in Japan according to 2019 data?
What is the address of Belarus Red Cross headquarters?
When did anime tourism begin in Japan?
Tatzelwurm is a male or a female?
How much does kilogram of potatoes cost in Belarus as of 2019?
What do colors symbolize on Holi?
How many female pilots fought in the Second World War on the side of USSR
What is the maximum temperature at Jupiter's equator
How many wars did E train participate in
How many monasteries are there on Sivan lake?
How many lines does Kyiv Metro have?
What is Scott Moir's star sign?
Why did Tu-16 stop being produced?
How many civilians casualties were there during Operation Protective Edge in total?
What language were the books of the Middle Ages were written in?
What European city is the largest synagogue located in?
How much oil has Russia exported in 2018?
Who came to power in Ukraine in 2014?
How many people work in Presidential Executive Office of Russia as of March 2019?
What was the bloodiest battle of Soviet–Finnish War 1939–1940 called?
How many people on Earth speak Armenian as of March 2019?
How many warships does Russia have as of 2019?
Did Maya have steambath?
Who was the last Viceroy of India?
What is the name of the biggest ship of the Royal Navy as of 2019?
How much does Sergey Semyonovich Sobyanin's earn as of 2019?
How long did Ukrainian Civil War last?
How much does EA Canada cost as of April 2019?
What is the rate of fire of Avtomat Kalashnikova?
How many people were detained in Jewish Anti-Fascist Committee's case?
What was Pavlodar called before October Revolution?
Who is the mayor of Wyoming as of today?
What was the name of Harry Potter's best friend?
Which industry became the most profitable in China in 2018?
Who wrote opera about Titus Flavius Vespasianus?
What is the name of runaway ex-president of Ukraine?
How many fiancees has Marat Safin had as of 2019?
Are there bear on Solovetsky Islands?
What was depicted on thenational emblem of Batavian Republic?
How many children did Paul-Michel Foucault have?
Are there any age restrictions on visiting the Haunted Mansion?
How many countries took part in the First World War?
When was Evangelion manga translated into Russian?
What language was the first on Earth?
How many children did Ivan Yakovych Franko have?
Which English Prince was a prototype of Saint-Exupéry's Little Prince?
What is the most popular female name in Israel as of 2019?
What is the name of the earliest period in humanity's history?
What was the name of the first Russian psychiatrist?
Which bank has the most departments in the world?
Did Lindsay Dee Lohan have any plastic surgeries?
Who was the first illusionist in the Soviet Union?
What movie did Bob Dylan have his first role in?
What does white color stand for on flag of Belarus?
Is there a museum of German language?
What pitch does Sharapova scream at?
How many kinds of howitzer are there in Russia?
How much does visa to Democratic People's Republic of Korea cost for a Russian as of March 2019?
What is the tallest peak in Afghanistan?
How many tourists visited Russia in 2018?
What is the length of the longest perch in Russia as of March 2019?
Was Fairy Tail released in Russia?
What is the name of Shakira's husband as of 2019?
Are there mountains on Jupiter?
Who is the patron of Rome?
What was the currency of Safavid state?
What is the world's most saline lake?
How many movies did Innokenty Smoktunovsky star in?
How many Tiger tanks were damaged during the Second World War?
What is Queen Elizabeth's mailing address?
What is the name of Czech best selling beer?
What was the name of the last King of the Kingdom of Galicia–Volhynia?
Who proposed a concept of "intelligent design" of the world?
Do you have to pay to enter Tsaritsyno estate according to 2019 data?
Did population of Novomoskovsk decline in 2019?
How many squirrels are there in Pushkin as of 2019?
Is Left 4 Dead 2 available in Google App Store?
How many times was Astana renamed?
Which theater was Gioachino Antonio Rossini's first opera staged in?
How long did the longest chess game last as of 20th century?
Is cocaine possession illegal n Russia?
Which country is inhabited be pink flamingos?
Where is the oldest metro line in Europe located?
What was depicted on the last pfennig to be produced?
What is the salary of engineer in Kaliningrad Region as of 2019?
How many books of the Heroes of Olympus series were sold in Russia in 2018?
What was the name of the second husband of Victoria Feodorovna?
What tea is recommended to drink in case of high blood pressure?
In what years did Germany try to conquer Russia?
How much gas is produced in Ukraine as of 2019?
Who is opponent of Yakuza in Japan?
What year was Bandai founded in?
How many concubines did the last Emperor of China have?
How many athletes from North Korea participated in 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi?
When was Vladimir a capital of Russia?
What age did Richard Stoddert Ewell become a soldier at?
Who composed music for Pac-Man
How many copies of Need for Speed: Most Wanted were sold worldwide as of April 2019?
Who was first to introduce "transcriptome" term?
What is the name of Michael Jordan's wife?
How did "white flood" of 1919 end?
Is there a female pilot in the Hellenic Air Force as of April 2019?
What languages did Oscar Fingal O'Flahertie Wills Wilde write in?
What is the name of the longest street of Chișinău?
What is the distance between Taman Peninsula and Moscow?
When was destroyer Bourrasque launched?
How much time does it take to go around the Koltsevaya line of Moscow metro?
Is there a Nobel Prize for sociology?
Have Roxy Music ever held a concert in Russia?
Were there restrictions for Jews on applying for university in Tsarist Russia?
How many copies of The Elder Scrolls IV: Oblivion were sold in Russia as of 2019?
How many years has Svetoch magazine been published for?
How to get to Gibraltar from Moscow?
What is the length of Belgorod?
What town did Vertinsky family emigrate to from Russia?
What was the name of the founder of the Bagrationi dynasty?
What is the name of Yalta airport?
How many people died during Mughan events in total?
When was the first air-to-ground missile launched?
What is the most populated city of Normandy as of 2019?
Were there any Russians at the disappeared Malaysia Airlines Flight 370?
How many years did Lenin rule?
Where was the first test of 406 mm gun B-37 held?
Who was the first coach of the Oklahoma City Thunder team?
What is the meaning of the flame tattoo on Chester Bennington's arms?
Does Russia support the development of Kalmyk culture?
What town did Aleksandr Grigorievich Perederiy study in?
Do Russians need a visa to travel to Indonesia as of 2019?
Is fortune telling condemned by Orthodox Church?
Are there any age restrictions for Call of Duty: Black Ops II?
What is the main religion of Croatia as of 2019?
Where is the largest Jewish community located as of 2019?
What city were the Lumiere brothers from?
Was Llewelyn killed in battle?
Can I pay with dollars in Hong Kong in 2019?
Have any corrections been made to the Quran since the beginning?
When were Mozi's works first translated into Russian?
How many colors can cats see?
What organization did Superman lead?
What is the lowest temperature that concrete can withstand?
What theater did Bertolt Brecht work in?
How many Russians live in Ukraine as of March 2019?
Is it possible to buy a 37 mm automatic air defense gun M1939 (61-K) in Russia in 2018?
How many canons were used in the Battle of Antietam?
Why is giving children European names a fashion in China?
How many members does the Russian community in Germany have in 2019?
Did the Roerichs live in India?
What was the outcome of the Battle of Sinjar?
Who wrote the national anthem of modern Serbia?
What is the magical power of the main character of the anime “Fairy Tail”?
How many copies of Pokémon Black were sold in Russia in 2018?
At which factory was Panzerkampfwagen I manufactured?
When was SSL first used in Russia?
How far is Vradiivka from Kiev?
Did the cartoon "Volt" get an Oscar?
What was Queen's best-selling album as of March 2019?
Did Achaemenid Persia trade with Ancient Russia?
How many fights did Alexander Povetkin win in 2019?
Who was president of CAR in March 2019?
When was the video game Dishonored released in Russia?
What is depicted on the coat of arms of the Workers 'and Peasants' Red Army?
How many Russians live in Boston as of March 2019?
How many UN peacekeepers fought in the Korean War in 1950?
When was Sergius of Radonezh canonized?
How many political parties are there in Ukraine in March 2019?
How many Russian tanks participated in Operation Bagration?
How many tanks had been produced by the V.A. Malyshev factory in Kharkov up until March 2019?
What did Andrey Kirillovich Zaytsev first graduate in?
Did the village of Strela have a school in April 2019?
Which country has the most falcons in 2019?
Who was ruler of Rome during the Roman-Persian wars?
Who investigated the disappearance of Janet Levine March?
How many languages did Russian and Soviet numismatist and orientalist-Arabist Richard Vasmer know?
Can a person completely recover from syphilis?
Were gargoyles evil creatures in mythology?
How many people in the world speak the Tatar language according to the data for 2019?
How many people died in the Second Battle of Naktong Bulge?
How tall do you have to be to play rugby professionally?
Which college did Gilbert Jay Arenas Jr. graduate from?
What is the population of Moscow in April 2019?
Is there antisemitism in Russia in April 2019?
When was the video game "Dragon Age: Origins" first released in Russia?
How often was Maria of Romania married?
What was the highest temperature reached in Marrakesh in the summer of 2018?
What is a doctor's salary in Buryatia in 2019?
After who is the capital city of Kazakhstan named?
How tall was Robert Larimore Riggs?
How many wives can an Azerbaijani man have?
How many varieties of melon are grown in Astrakhan in 2019?
What was the name of the most expensive tulip sold in the Netherlands in the years 1636-1637?
When was the television series "Strela" released in Russia?
Do oysters live in the North Sea?
How far is the Transfiguration Monastery in Buzuluk from Moscow?
Why was Ivan the Terrible called "Terrible"?
Where was film stock first invented?
How many copies of Deep Purple albums had been sold in Russia up until March 2019?
What century do the first written sources in the Slovakian language date back to?
Was there a flood in Indonesia in 2018?
Who was the first to use DNA vaccination?
Who was the first representative of anticommunism in the USSR?
Did the astronauts of the Apollo 16 use the Lunar Roving Vehicle during their mission?
What year did the Beatles change their drummer?
How much does a candle cost in Russian churches in 2019?
Which Russian city has the longest tram?
Which regiment did Baron Nikolai Robert Maximilian von Ungern-Sternberg serve in?
What is a normal heart rate for a healthy person?
Is Euro accepted in South Ossetia in 2019?
How many children did Peter the Great have?
How many characters does the Japanese alphabet have?
How many years was Nicholas II in power?
How much oil did Russia export in 2018?
How many toy armies did Peter the Great have?
What is the passing score at the Faculty of Sociology at St. Petersburg State University in 2019?
When was King Athelstan in power?
How many technical schools does Vladivostok have in April 2019?
Who is the main character of the manga "Fullmetal Alchemist"?
How many veterans of the Second World War live in St. Petersburg in 2019?
How big was the surface area of Quebec in 1534?
What was the territory of Slovakia called during the time of ancient Rome?
When did Limbo first go on sale in the world?
When did Optimus Prime first appear in the Transformers Comic?
Who did Alyonushka marry in the folk tale?
Did Creedence Clearwater Revival ever play a concert in Russia?
Are antidepressants available only on prescription in Russia in March 2019?
Over how many countries did the brothers and sisters of Alexandra of Denmark rule?
Which industry was the most profitable in Belarus in 2018?
What was the profession of David Graham Cooper's father?
When was the short story "The Murders in the Rue Morgue" first translated into Russian?
How many Russians fought in the ranks of the People's Liberation Army of Yugoslavia during World War II?
Whose decree laid the foundation for the creation of provision agencies in the Russian army?
Did the military operations of the War of the Second Coalition take place in India?
What genre was the anime Rurouni Kenshin in?
How many women were burned as witches in Europe in the 15th century?
When was Yoshiyuki Tomino born?
What is the origin of the surname Hill?
Do vegetarians live longer than carnivores?
Who is the main character of the novel "On the Road"?
What initials did the daughters of Nicholas II use to sign letters?
Who founded the Cathar movement?
What was the print run for the first edition of Karlsson-on-the-Roof ?
What was the outcome of the Battle of Sakarya?
Where in Europe do most Sinti and Roma live in 2019 ?
When was the biggest flood in Venice?
When did the "civil law institution" come into being in Russia?
Which country has the highest life expectancy in 2019?
Is the concept of evasion of law studied in Russian schools in 2018?
Has John Sydney McCain III visited Russia?
When did “The Heroes of Olympus” come out in Russian?
How many sisters did John Snow have?
Which cathedral did Pierre Cauchon serve in?
How much oil did Russia export in 2018?
How long did Mikhail Dmitriyevich Skobelev live?
What is depicted on the coat of arms of Semey?
How many Chechens live in Moscow in 2019?
How many people disappeared in Russia in 2018?
On which channel was the series "Carnival" first shown?
What factory produced the M46 in the USA?
What do the colors at the Holi festival mean?
What school did Arnold Sommerfeld found?
What was the name of the battleship sunk by the British in the Attack on Mers-el-Kebir?
Who was the first to describe dirofilariasis?
How many child marriages were carried out in Russia in 2018?
How many battles were fought on the Eastern Front during World War II?
When did the first city in Kyivan Rus come into being?
How many bridges does the city of Tolyatti have in April 2019?
What was Boris Akunin's first novel called?
Who was the first Moldovan member of the Artists' Union of the USSR?
Do Putin's daughters have bodyguards?
How tall is Dmitry Anatolyevich Medvedev?
What was Serpukhov called before the October Revolution?
In what year were women allowed to wear pants?
What is the average annual rainfall of South Ossetia according to current data?
What color is the Cheshire cat in Alice's Adventures in Wonderland?
Under which king of France did Nicolas-Claude Fabri de Peiresc live?
Who built the Deutschland cruiser?
In which country do most Catholics live in 2019?
After how many years of residence is it possible to obtain Swiss citizenship?
Is the term “evasion of law" mentioned in the most important official regulatory documents of the European Union?
Which flower did Toxedo Mask use as a weapon in the Sailor Moon anime?
When did wrestling start in the USA?
How old was Gaius Julius Caesar's wife when she married him?
How popular is the German language in the world?
Where are the headquarters of the Shanghai organization located?
How many TE1s were produced in just one year since its launch?
Are there direct flights from Rome to Moscow?
Did the 2nd Shock Army take part in the Victory Parade of 1945?
Saakashvili was mayor of which Ukrainian city?
After what "Iskander" was Iskander named?
Under which Russian Tsar was the Russo-Polish war of 1792 fought?
Who was the first president of Azerbaijan?
How long is the Golden Horn?
Who led the Italian invasion of France in 1940?
How many ships did William Kidd capture while he was a pirate?
What is the meaning of the word "Indian"?
What was Columbus's ship called?
Do Russians need a visa to visit Africa in 2019?
When did mass production of condoms begin in Russia?
Was Kostyuk Osip Matveyevich married?
How many children did Alexios I Komnenos have?
How many universities does Buryatia have in 2019?
What was the name of the last king of Romania?
How many bridges are there in San Francisco?
When was Gary Leonard Oldman born?
What is the difference between the Julian and Gregorian calendars?
What is the name of the largest computer exhibition in Russia?
Did the Russian team participate in the World Snooker Championship 2014?
How many copies of the video game Mini Metro were sold in Russia in 2018?
How many people died during the Swedish Deluge?
Why did the fortified districts of the Afghan opposition come into being?
When did Mortal Kombat come out in Russia?
Are participants of clinical studies paid money in Russia as of March 2019?
What year did Janis Lyn Joplin become famous?
How many husbands did Lana Turner have?
What is the longest river in Argentina?
How many days can a person live without food in the climate in Ukraine?
What does the yellow color in the Swedish flag mean?
How many times has Britney Spears been married as of March 2019?
Which Russian female tennis player has the most titles as of 2019?
What is the average waiting time for a trolleybus in St. Petersburg in 2019?
How many countries were members of the USSR?
Which Russian city has the most trolleybuses?
How fast was the Orient Express?
When was “Assault on Precinct 13” translated into Russian?
When did Russia join UNICEF?
What is the fastest serve made on Wimbledon up to 2019?
What was the name of Diomid's mother?
Did a child of Louise of Mecklenburg-Güstrow become a king?
Which company has the largest number of airplanes based at the Minsk National Airport in 2019?
How many people died during the eruption of Mount Vesuvius?
How many years does one need to study to become a psychiatrist in Russia?
How many Hindu religious institutions were there in Russia in 2018?
Who delivered the verdict in the case of the incident at Ruby Ridge?
Which country is in the lead in regards to the number of centenarians by March 2019?
Can tourists visit Severomorsk in 2019?
Was Babylon destroyed?
When did the ecchi genre appear in anime?
Are there sanctions against the DPRK in April 2019?
How many Nobel Prize winners have worked at Princeton University throughout its entire history?
When was the term homosexuality first introduced?
Which is the northernmost Russian railway station?
How far away from Moscow is the Trinity Lavra of St. Sergius located?
What is the overall shooting accuracy of Martin Fourcade by April 2019?
The most ancient mosque in Grozny is dated on what year?
Does the State Historical Museum have a Long Night of Museums by April of 2019?
Why do women sit on the upper floor in a synagogue?
What is the place Russia occupies in regards to the population according to 2011 data?
How many people in the world speak the Chuvash language by April 2019?
How many kinds of the Spanish language are there?
How many characters are there in the Silent Hill game?
What is the moon race?
What is the age rating for the Silent Hill game?
How many players can play Dishonored at the same time?
What planet is Neptune's satellite?
How many people in the world speak the Kalmyk language by March 2019?
At what age does one need to be vaccinated against the flu?
Which of the Earth's oceans is the one with most salt?
When did the Battle of the Atlantic take place?
Why did Ivan Lukyanovich Solonevich leave Russia to go abroad?
What was the top selling computer game in Russia in 2018?
When was the M3 created?
What is the name of the longest river in Buryatia?
When was the manga Brynhildr in the Darkness released in Japan?
What was the origin of the phrase "to catch a little squirell"?
Through which country does the main protagonist of the novel On the Road travel?
What was the most commercially successful album of the band Kino called?
Was 2S3 Akatsiya supplied to African countries?
How many years of jail time does one get for rape in Russia?
What was the area of the Visigothic Kingdom?
What is the address of the Oriental Studies department of the Saint Petersburg State University?
How many tattoos did Avril Lavigne have by 2019?
How many employees were there at NASA by March of 2019?
For how long did the only voyage of the ship Vasa last?
Where is Charles Darwin buried?
How much does Dmitry Anatolyevich Medvedev weigh?
What trade did Peter I study in Amsterdam?
Who was the first Russian to receive U.S. citizenship?
What was the name of Alekhine's cat that he brought to his games?
In which city are the headquarters of the All-Ukrainian Union "Svoboda"?
What was the nationality of Ilya Fadeyevich Tsion?
Why was Isabella of France nicknamed the She-Wolf of France?
What is the tallest building in Yoshkar-Ola?
What was the first person to patent the first trademark?
How many people were victims of the Dubrovka terrorist attack?
DId Russia win World War I?
How many ballets had their music written by Tchaikovsky?
At what age did Wong Kar-Wai get married?
What served as the beginning of the Abkhaz–Georgian conflict?
What is Japan's national dance?
How many ships are there in the Japanese fleet by April 2019?
What percentage of Tartar genes do modern Russians have?
What is the distance between Moscow and Istanbul?
Who first defined the term intersex?
What was the name of the first hegumen of the Ascension Convent?
Where is the ancient city of Panticapaeum located?
How many tractors were released in Russia in 2018?
When was Zabaikalskaya Oblast formed?
How many bands have been produced by Igor Matvienko to date?
How many Vologda headscarves have been released in Vologda Oblast?
Where is the Red List Committee located?
Is there a Russian school in Vienna?
Where is the biggest collection of works by Ivan Konstantinovich Aivazovsky by March 2019 located?
How much petroleum was extracted from the Caspian sea in 2018?
How many rivers are there in Abkhazia?
Starting at what age can one buy alcohol in Russia?
How many people were arrested as a result of the Red Army invasion of Azerbaijan?
Which museum exhibits paintings by Nikolai Ivanovich Feshin?
Who did Wladimir Klitschko want to be as a child?
According to 2003 data, which team's games were the most visited ones?
Does a Mediterranean diet contribute to increasing the lifespan?
Is education compulsory for girls in Chechnya?
When did Brexit happen?
Which college did Hayao Miyazaki attend?
Which stadium belongs to the Corinthians sports club?
Which country obtained the most gold medals in the 2016 Summer Olympic Games?
Is there an Orthodox church in Argentina by April of 2019?
Is the adoption of children within a same-sex marriage allowed in Russia in 2018?
When was Mordovia discovered by Russian scientists?
When was the psychiatric hospital in Khamovniki District shut down?
Who was the last hetman of the Zaporozhian Host?
How many awards did Dallas receive?
Who first introduced the term dendritic plasticity?
How did the term leaden seventies come to be?
What is the name of the Syrian President in April of 2019?
Who won the Russo-Turkish war?
What was the name of the founder of the Körber lineage?
Was Pavel Ivanovich Melnikov a moderate liberal?
What is the age rating for the Happy Together TV series?
Did Sigmund Freud ever visit Russia?
When was the first seminary in the Russian Federation opened?
Where does the game Werewolf: The Forsaken take place?
Did the son of Hildebert II become king of the Francs?
What does an An-124 without cargo weigh?
Is autism a curable disease?
When did the first probe land upon the surface of Mars?
Where was the first Okui mask found?
Who was the first coach of the Norway national football team?
What was the resolution of the Yukos case?
How many Aukh-Chechens were living in Chechnya in 2018?
What is the name of the capital of Iraqi Kurdistan?
When did a drone first rise into the sky?
When was Army Group South formed during World War II?
Do Russians need a visa for visiting the Island of Crete?
How many warships were built in Russia in 2018?
Did the inhabitants of the Cook Islands eat people?
How many types of Chrysanthemum x koreanum are there by April of 2019?
Who was the lead singers of the band The Smashing Pumpkins when it was first created?
Who was the last ruler of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania?
What was the name of Metropolitan Benjamin before he was ordained?
In what year was the MCA Records company founded?
How many types of fish live only in lake Baikal?
How long did the marriage between David Bowie and Iman last for?
What is the name of the husband of Ksenia Sobchak?
What is the imperial sword of Japan called?
How many olive trees were planted in Greece in 2018?
Does time slow down for a person in space?
What is the rating for How to Train Your Dragon on KinoPoisk?
Is there a subway system on Malta?
Why is Yerevan called the Pink City?
When was Boris Sergeevich Glagolin born?
In what year was the first plane built?
In what year did Russian explorers first arrived in Canada?
Is the population of Pavlodar decreasing by March 2019?
How far away is Calgary from Moscow?
What was the name of the wife of Pavel Nikolayevich Yablochkov?
Did the Crimean Tatars support the Annexation of Crimea by the Russian Federation in 2014?
What was the first thing Hitler did when he came to power?
How many copies of Skryabin As a Face have been released in total by March of 2019?
For how many years did the soldiers of the Tsarist Russia army served?
Why did the Korean war start?
What was the first silent film from Germany called?
Where does the biggest Opština of Macedonians live by April of 2019?
How many children did Anatoly Semionovich Grauerman have?
How many gendarmes served in Special Corps of Gendarmes during the first year of its formation?
Were cryptograms used during World War II?
Is there a depiction of Homer that was made during his lifetime?
What is the deepest lake in Europe?
What was the league established under Aristides' leadership?
How many rivers were there in Primorskaya oblast?
Why was Saakashvili munching on his tie?
How many new factories were built during the NEP period in the USSR?
How many women's prisons are there in Russia by March of 2019?
Was the Seydlitz sunk during battle?
What is the address of the meeting place for the Moscow City Duma?
How many Russians were living in Shovgenovsky District in 2018?
What was the reason the Moskvitch factory shut down?
How many letters are there in the Chuvash alphabet?
When did Ireland become a member of the EU?
Where did Johann Heinrich Pestalozzi study?
How many Romanian tanks were built during the years 1918-1945?
How many hours does it take to go from Moscow to Gomel by car?
Did Lenin have kids?
Why was Henry II the Saint dubbed the Saint?
What is the name of the Georgian President according to March of 2019 data?
Is Batman married?
Are there chemical weapons in Estonia by March of 2019?
When was the film Alice's Adventures in Wonderland released?
When was the first Apollo launched?
What is the address of the Russian Embassy in Kiev by April of 2019?
How many male monasteries are there in Russia by March of 2019?
Which Russian city is the last one to celebrate the New Year in terms of time?
What is the safest type of transportation according to 2018 data?
What is the name of the biggest island in Spain?
How many copies of Final Fantasy VII were sold in Russia by March of 2019?
What powers did Rei Ayanami possessed in the Evangelion manga?
How many political parties were there in Russia in 1917?
How many times has Vladimir Putin been reelected as President of Russia according to 2019 data?
How many awards did Freya Madeline Stark receive?
How many of Panfilov's Men died in the Battle of Moscow in 1941?
What is the title of Clinton Richard Dawkins' most famous book?
How many Project 956 destroyers were sunk by the USSR's opponent?
In what year did Anatoly Sobchak become the mayor of Saint Petersburg?
What was the length of the ceratosaurus' skeleton?
Did Russia take part in the Fist World Festival of Youth and Students?
What was the end result of the perestroika?
How many Russians live in Aktyubinsk in 2019?
What is the average weight of a tiger?
How many Chinese live in Khabarovsk by March of 2019?
What is the maximum speed of T-37A when going with the flow?
What was the leading denomination in the USSR by number of believers?
How many years did it take to develop the Dishonored game?
How many Jewish painters moved to Israel from Russia in the 1990s?
When did the first concert by Zemfira in Saint Petersburg take place?
How many ports are there on the Dniester river?
What is the height of the Mexico City Metropolitan Cathedral?
How many oblasts does the Ob run through?
What is the speed with which a soap bubble bursts?
When was the Abbey Church of Saint Peter and Saint Paul founded in the Anglo-Saxon kingdom of Northumbria?
Is the population of the Rutuli getting smaller or bigger?
What is "Euler's system"?
When was the first mortgage given out?
How much is a ticket for the Colosseum as of 2019?
Where was Fawzia, the first wife of the Iranian shah, born?
How many people graduated from the department of Modern and Contemporary History at St. Petersburg State University in 2019?
How many days does it take the sun to completely rotate around its axis?
How many teeth does an otter have?
What kind of stress is dangerous for human life?
Which Russian oblast grows more beech trees than any other?
Can adults and tourists visit the Louvre for free?
How many presidents were there in Russia in 2019?
How many new stars were discovered in the 21st century?
How many immigrants arrived in Greece in 2018?
In what year was Smolensk awarded the Order of Lenin and the Order of the Patriotic War, 1st Class?
What's the maximum number of people who can play Preferans?
How many churches were there in Irkutsk in March 2019?
How many years did the Asia Minor campaign last?
Who was the main designer of the ER2?
What's the distance between Russia and Georgia?
How much did a single ride on the London Underground cost in March 2019, with no discount?
In what year did Edgar Cayce write a book about Atlantis?
Princess Elizabeth was the abbess of which monastery?
When did mixed classes of boys and girls first appear in Russia?
How many chemical industrial plants are there in Russia as of March 2019?
When did the film Alien 3 come out in Russia?
How many studios does the company Melodia have in 2019?
Are duels banned in modern Russia?
How many centuries did the kingdom of Noricum exist?
How many mathematical discoveries did Sir William Rowan Hamilton make?
How many Russian tourists visited Kazakhstan in 2018?
What is the name of the largest port in Libya?
What's the age restriction on the TV series Carnivàle?
What style did Ștefan Ivanovich Florescu create art?
Did Kang Youwei visit Russia?
Does the Tu-95 operate in 2019?
Can several players play Mass Effect 2 at the same time?
How many countries were expelled from the UN in 2019?
From which French word did the word "jazz" come from?
Do Russians need a visa to visit Chile in 2019?
Where does the action game Limbo take place?
What was the currency of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania called?
Who led the Red Army in the Battle of Stalingrad?
When did the term "corporate responsibility" first appear in Russia?
When was the Nika film award founded?
How many Soviet soldiers died in the Defence of Krasnodar on the 7th to 14th of August 1942?
What is the Russian ambassador to Argentina in March 2019 called?
How many children suffered sexual abuse in 2018 in Russia?
Do Druze people live in Russia in March 2019?
Who released the first car radio?
What served as the separation of the Church of England from Catholicism?
How many people died on Bloody Sunday?
How many tonnes of oxygen are needed to ensure the standard flight of an aeroplane?
How many Catholics live in Russia in 2019?
How many years was Dmitriy Yurievich Shemyaka the Grand Prince of Moscow?
What ancient Egyptian god did Alexander the Great associate with?
Did the Grand Duke Dmitri Pavlovich take part in the Civil War?
What's the rate of illiteracy in Afghanistan in 2019?
Is it possible to speed up a person's metabolism?
Is Microsoft SQL Server free in Russia in March 2019?
Is it true that Michelangelo went blind painting the Sistine Chapel?
Is there any surviving portrayal of Marcus Porcius Cato made in his lifetime?
When was the first faculty of physics created at a university in Europe?
Is the Roesel's bush-cricket grasshopper poisonous?
How many works did Alexander Scriabin write?
How many people were shot together with Nicholas II?
Who first studied the phenomenon of materialism?
When did the first Japanese virtual novel come out?
How many copies of the first Pink Floyd album were sold around the world in 2019?
In what institute was Agate developed?
Where does episode one of the fifth season of Doctor Who take place?
What's the leader of United Russia called in March 2019?
According to data in March 2019 how many dialects are there in Nigeria?
When did the first heart transplant take place in Russia?
How many warships did the UK have the moment it entered the First World War?
How many years did the Ukrainian People's Republic exist?
When was the first case of HIV recorded in Russia?
Who won in the Battle of the Caucasus?
Who is the opponent of the Communist Party of the Russian Federation?
What crew is needed to operate the large submarines of the Project 1134B?
In what year did Iravani paint his first picture?
How far is it from Kiev to Moscow?
What was the first wife of Alexander Nikolaevich II called?
What incident took place in the State Duma on the 16th of April 1907?
How many soldiers were there in the Sri Lankan Army in 2018?
Who was the initiator of the group self-immolation in Beijing in 2001?
Are there male comb jellies?
How many languages were spoken in ancient Babylon?
How many French people died in the Italian invasion of France in 1940?
When was the first shelter for homeless animals set up in Russia?
How deep is Moraine Lake?
With the help of what was it decided where to build metro stations in St. Petersburg?
How many Grammys did the Beatles win?
What year did the story The Thing come out?
What language is spoken at the court in Strasbourg?
In what year was deportation declared illegal?
How many followers of Islam lived in Russia in 2018?
How did Mikhail Kutuzov lose his eye?
Is the Proton launch vehicle reusable?
Which organ synthesises protein in the human body?
What is the most polluted city in Russia in April 2019?
What is the most prestiguous prize in sociology in March 2019?
How many people work at Hydro-Québec in 2019?
What did Boris Fyodorovich Porshnev teach?
Who owns the football club Manchester City in March 2019?
What's the main square in Bogor called?
How many children were born in Blagoveshchensk in 2018?
Who designed the first cruiser?
What language was spoken in Ilaq Oblast?
What is the national dance of Azerbaijan called?
What colour are the flowers of beech trees?
What were the reasons for the signing of the non-aggression pact between Germany and the Soviet Union?
When was UGM-133 Trident II (D5) first launched?
How many languages did Averky Borisovich Aristov speak?
What system of calculation was there in Safavid Iran?
How much did Avatar make in Russia?
How many types of drugs exist?
What is the Queen of England's shoe size?
Who suggested the term mechanogenic sedimentary rocks?
What was the mother of Sultan Yahya called?
How many Americans died in the Admiralty Islands campaign?
In how many countries is Kamen Rider shown?
How much machinery was supplied to the USSR as part of the Lend-Lease programme?
What was the biggest battle of the Russo-Turkish War called?
456 - could an alien race speak?
How many types of tree are there in Russia?
How many pyramids were built by the Aztecs?
How many years did Mary Tudor reign for?
What is the average thickness of the ice on Lake Ladoga in winter?
For what purpose were statues installed in the Winter Palace?
When did Guyana get its independence?
Why was the Messerschmitt Bf. 109 the most mass-produced fighter in history in March 2019?
What did Beethoven use to listen to music when he became deaf?
How much did the KV-1 tank weigh?
Which representative of the Bonaparte dynasty was the King of Italy?
What brand of trainers did Avril Lavigne wear?
In which country are there more mangrove forests than any other?
When did Robert Edward Lee become commander of the Army of Northern Virginia?
How many UFOs were recorded in Russia in 2018?
How did Spartacus become a gladiator?
How many teeth does a Komodo dragon have?
How did the town of Glukhovo get its name?
What was the name of the first Indian film shown in the USSR?
When did Yandere Simulator come out in Russia?
How many Ukrainian schools were there in the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic in 1930?
How long is the biggest comb jelly?
How many types of unemployment exist?
Did imprisoned Christians take part in battles at the Colosseum?
When was the Bolotnaya Square case?
How many civilians died in the Syrian civil war in March 2019?
How do ballistic missiles differ from cruise missiles?
Who gives financial support to Spartak Nalchik according to data in March 2019?
In which city in Poland is amber mined?
Who was the author of the Decree on Separation of Church and State and School from Church?
According to data for 2019 what is the wife of Ed Boon called?
Which metro is the largest in the world?
Who governs Scotland in 2019?
In what museum is the monument to the Harappa civilisation?
What was the main character of the TV series Happy Together called?
When was the death penalty abolished in Russia?
When did the Pecheneg tribe live?
Where were the headquarters of the Russian Provisional Government?
When did the cruiser Aurora stop at the eternal dock?
In which US state is the Cadillac Deville made?
How many albums by The Fall were sold in Russia in 2019?
Where did the name "syphilis" come from?
How many astronauts were on the Apollo 16?
Were the Aukhov Chechens deported to Central Asia in 1944?
How many battlecruisers were sunk during the Second World War in total?
What was the wife of the last Byzantine emperor called?
How many years did Mussolini rule for?
How many years did the Russo-Japanese War last for?
What was the monetary unit in the Batavian Republic called?
Was Leon Trotsky born into a well off family?
How many Russian tourists visited Uzbekistan in 2018?
When did Ivan Ilyich Zakharov begin diplomatic work?
What is the punishment for corruption in Russia as of 2019?
Was Luther Burbank married?
Who is the Mona Lisa smiling at?
What is the average income for inhabitants of Tuvalu in 2019?
How many seas surround the South Pole?
What region of Paris was the most dangerous for tourists in March 2019?
Where was Telegram developed?
When did mass-production of the radio begin in Russia?
How many animals are listed in the IUCN Red List in 2019?
What higher education institution did Denis Vasilyevich Davydov study at?
How many torpedoes could fit on the Grisha-class corvette Project 1124?
Are the pyramids of Egypt and Mexico built on the same principle?
How many Russian schools are there in Odessa as of March 2019?
What do local historians study?
When was the first camera in Russia made?
What colour can newborn babies not distinguish?
When did the Russian Embassy in Peru open?
How many national holidays are there in Japan?
What works of Marx and Engels inspired the Bolsheviks?
How many launches were there during the first year of the Baikonur Cosmodrome?
Is the pound accepted in Hong Kong?
Who was the artist for the game Vagrant Story?
Where is the monument to Pavlik Morozov?
What does a lack of iron in the human body threaten?
Who was awarded the first Nobel Prize?
How was the first monastic order called?
Is there a criminal penalty for Medical Error in Russia as of March 2019?
How many countries took part in the First World War?
What was the name of Dali's first painting?
What were the names of the first settlers in the Lipetsk region?
In what year did Silent Hill 2 enter the Russian market?
When did the Second World War in Europe end?
How many languages was the novel "Crime and Punishment" translated into March 2019?
Which country provides for the death penalty for Pederasty in March 2019?
Is admission to the Cathedral of Santi Giovanni e Paolo free for March 2019?
How many girls graduated from Princeton University in 2018?
What is the name of the first female dean of the University of Russia?
How many years of imprisonment are given in Russia for unintentional murder in 2019?
In what year did the Bayazeta sitting begin?
How long does it take to drive from Sukhumi to Sochi?
How many Linear Cruisers were in the Russian Black Sea Fleet in 2018?
Mikhail Mikhailovich Kasyanov is an opposition member to the Russian leadership in April 2019?
Are there direct flights to Australia from Domodedovo Airport?
How many children did Princess Olga have?
Why was Kaspar Hauser called the "Child of Europe"?
How did the assault on the Merville battery end?
Why did the armed conflict start in South Ossetia?
Was the Kanon novel released in Russia?
Where was the first concert of the Vintage band?
When did "Tor: Ragnarok" go into Russian rentals?
How many awards did Hegel get?
Who was Roman Georgievich Grebennikov's predecessor in his position?
How many referees take part in the fight?
Who is the head of Chechnya in 2019?
How many episodes of Russian cartoon Vinnie the Pooh have been released on the screens?
How many inhabitants lived in Valuyki in 2018?
How many years has Edmontosaurus lived on average?
How much does a glass of beer cost on average in Prague in 2019?
How many hours does the Sapsan train take from Moscow to St. Petersburg?
How is Britney Spears's average income for 2019?
When did the French resistance emerge?
How many Ukrainian fronts existed during the Second World War?
How many followers did the "Cect of the God Cusie" have in 2000?
How many times have Linkin Park visited Russia?
Did Vladimir Putin visit Syria?
When did the first Russian-Persian dictionary appear?
What is the average growth rate of a Thai man for 2019?
How many employees does NGO Sibselmash have as of March 2019?
How many years did Mehmed II rule?
For the Israeli teenagers kidnapped on June 12, 2014, asked for ransom?
Was William Kidd in prison?
What is the name of the largest shopping center in Moscow in April 2019?
Was the theory of impetus known in ancient times?
Niels Heinrich David Bohr was against Nazism?
Could peasants from different villages marry in Russia without the consent of the owner?
Do Russian citizens need a visa to Kazakhstan in 2019?
In which city did François Quesnay die?
How many steps are there on the Maiden’s Tower in Baku?
What was the name of the most famous ruler of the Principality of Moldova?
Who is the director of the comedy television series "Accelerated Assistance"?
When were the healing properties of water discovered in Borjomi?
How many years did Marie Antoinette spend in Versailles?
Who won the U.S. independence war at sea?
Is there a belt system in the fight?
What genre did Guy de Monlore paint in?
How many Japanese ships were sunk in the Naval Battle of Guadalcanal?
How many rivers were there in the Transbaikalia region?
How many ships did the Hong Kong port receive in 2018?
Did Kate & Anna McGarrigle perform in Russia?
Which party is the largest in Belarus in 2019?
In how many minutes can a ballistic missile fly from Moscow to New York?
Where is Werner Karl Heisenberg buried?
How many songs did Vladimir Vysotsky write in total?
What is the name of the main character of Guild Wars?
How long does a spacecraft take from Earth to Jupiter?
Do Russians need a visa to Scotland if they have an English visa in 2019?
What year does the oldest building in Tbilisi date back to?
How many towers are there in the Moscow Kremlin?
How many children did Johann Gutenberg have?
When did the word "Kaming Out" first appear in Russia?
Which company is the largest in Dusseldorf for 2019?
How many languages did Pushkin know?
In what temple was the abbot Alexis II?
How big is the Angolan army in 2019?
When did Ukraine recover from the 2008-2009 crisis?
What is the number of the Dagestan people according to the data for 2019?
Is there a Gargoyle in the book about Harry Potter?
What place in the world is Russia in Corruptions in March 2019?
Why was Marshalsea closed?
Does Sergei Skrypal's daughter have children?
Who owns Continental Airlines, Inc. for April 2019?
Was the Canterbury Earthquake on 4th September 2010 accompanied by the tsunami?
What award did Ridley Scott's Martian get?
When was the first bank founded?
When did the Respirators start producing in Russia?
How many times has Brest changed his nationality?
How many languages did Marguerite Navarre know?
Why is the Christmas tree a symbol of the New Year?
In what war did Mikhail Kutuzov win?
How many official languages are there in Palestine for 2018?
What was the name of Charles I's wife of Anjou?
How much did the world's first steam locomotive weigh?
How much does a candle cost in Russian churches in 2019?
What is the length of Oslo?
When was the Kazan Kremlin built?
How many years did Stefan, the grandson of William I the Conqueror, live?
When was the first time the calculator was built into the watch?
When was the first psychological test conducted in Russia at school admission?
In what country was the first helicopter invented?
What is the address of the Museum of Local History in Moscow?
How old was Yuri Gagarin at the time of his death in a plane crash?
When did the Alaska Sea Fur Fishing start?
What is the name of the main character of the series "Street"?
What is the name of the composer of the game "Evangelion" or abbreviated "Eve"?
What did the first letters write in ancient Russia?
What is the area of the city of Ephesus?
In what genre is The Walking Dead: The Game?
How long is the O locomotive?
What is the name of the treatise of Marcus Porte Cato?
Where was the "Doctor Who" series filmed?
Is it possible to watch anime “Fairy Tail” for children?
How many schools are there in Solikamsk as of March 2019?
How many Christians are there in Singapore in 2019?
How many days did Grand Duke Mikhail Alexandrovich stay as emperor?
How many times has David Bowie been married for 2019?
What is in Marshalsea in 2019?
How many Jews are currently living on the planet?
Where was the movie "Afternoon Wave" made?
Where did Alice fall into Alice's Tale?
was Grigory Alexandrovich Rimsky-Korsakov married?
What was the entrance score to the Faculty of Management of St. Petersburg State University in 2019?
How did the ancient Teotihuacan keep track of the stars?
When did the bishopric appear in France?
Where is Hitler buried?
How many children does Ilham Aliyev have?
What demand did the invaders of the school in Beslan have?
How many followers of Agni-Yogi are in Russia in 2019?
Where in the world is Russia on the HIV epidemic as of April 2019?
What's the feature of Nansen's sleeping bag?
What was Cicero executed for?
Where do most immigrants from Bashkortostan live?
In what year was W. Renkin born?
When did homo sapiens show up?
How many people live in Lisbon according to the data for 2018?
How much does the head of Rosneft receive according to data for 2018?
How many people were arrested for hacking in Russia in 2018?
What weight did Mohamed Ali have?
In what year was Clements Rhobert Markem in Peru?
Who was the first to reach the North Pole?
Who invented the manometer?
Do women serve on Project 1234 Small Rocket Ships?
When was the first Orthodox University founded in Russia?
How many followers of Nameslav (Imaslavia) were in Russia in the 20th century?
What is the name of the scientist who found the first archaeological excavations confirming the existence of caps?
Do Russians need a visa to visit Malta in 2019?
How many branches of Sberbank are there in Moscow today?
How long does a snooker match last?
Was there a monetary unit in the Roman Republic?
Who is the main positive hero (protagonist) of "Galactic Express 999"?
When was The Final Fantasy Legend released in Russia?
How long did the Turkish yoke last during Kievan Rus?
How many Palestinian Christians are living in Palestine as of March 2019?
How many bacteria can Lyme disease cause?
Who was the artist of the game Chrono Trigger?
How many children did Valeria Ilyinichna Novodvorskaya have?
Is it possible to treat burns with aloe?
How many presidents were there in the USA as of 2019?
How many chapters are there in Napoleon's code?
Who was the author of the Guinness beer label?
Who was the first interpreter of the treatise "On the State" in Russian?
What name did the first aircraft carrier "Hiryu" get?
How many cars were there in the first train built?
What acronym were the children of Nicholas II signed?
When was the first satellite of Jupiter discovered?
To whom was the first telegram sent?
What religion do the Indians practice?
In what region of France did you find the largest location of stone weapons?
How many soldiers served at "King George V" during World War II?
Which motorcycle is the most common among bikers?
To whom was the first telegram sent?
In what country is the biggest Armenian community abroad?
How did Anne Bronte die?
Which emperor of Japan ruled the longest in 2019?
As of March 2019, is the cruiser being released in Russia?
How many Jews are there today?
How many players can play the Super Nintendo Entertainment System simultaneously?
How many Russians lived in Lebanon in 2018?
How long did the Civil War in the Baltic Sea last?
What is the name of the manga protagonist of "Hellsing"?
How many people worked at the Cheboksary HPP in 2018?
What speed can an armadillo develop?
What is Alexandr Mikhailovich Ovechkin's height?
What record did Usain Bolt set for 2019?
Where did they release the first Atypical antipsychotic?
What is depicted on the flag of Krasnogorsk?
Was education compulsory for girls in Afghanistan during the Soviet occupation?
What does Morphology mean in Greek?
Who was sunk by "Tashkent"?
How are trade winds different from monsoons?
Does the Serbian church belong to Greek Orthodoxy?
Where did the gospel be written?
How many gold bars did the Russian population buy in 2018?
Is the book How the Steel Was Tempered a part of the required reading in Russian schools?
Is Sonic Colors a multiplayer game?
Who is considered a liberal?
How did the British National Antarctic Expedition (1901–1904) end?
Who was the USA president when John Forbes Kerry was the Secretary of State?
When were Chinese women allowed to study martial arts?
Can a car run on water instead of petrol?
What is the grand total of Messerschmitt Bf.109 aircraft built?
How many times was a Job Fair organized in Moscow in 2018?
What was the biggest park in Kharkiv as of April 2019?
What is the genre of the TV show Carnivàle?
What is the oldest street in Kyiv as of 2019?
Is there a subway in Klaipėda?
How many lion statues are there in Lviv?
Has Bogor ever had a female mayor as of April 2019?
How many songs has Kanye Omari West recorded as of today?
How many insurance companies did Russia have as of March 2019?
What is featured on the city flag of Serpukhov?
How did knights in armor bestride horses?
How many bridges cross the River Thames?
What Russian channel aired the sitcom Two and a Half Men?
How many games does the Warcraft franchise have?
Were there any fresco paintings in Saint Sophia Cathedral (Vologda) as of 2018?
How many dynasties ruled the ancient Mesopotamia?
What plane did Viktor Ivanovich Belenko fly for his first time?
When was the Reichstag Fire Decree of 1933 issued by the President?
When was the first phonosemantics dictionary published in Russia?
How many aircraft carriers did the Japanese army have as of 2019?
How many Russians lived in Klaipėda as of 2019?
What age does metabolism slow down in the human body?
Where is the center of the Free Economic Society of Russia?
Do penicillium fungi live in the sea?
Did Georg Hegel visit Russia?
What place did the University of Tokyo take in the ranking in 2018?
What color is the dress uniform of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation?
What was the speed of Daniel Mark Nestor's most powerful tennis serve?
Why do goths wear black?
What is the longest street in Tolyatti?
What was the average pension in Russian in 2019?
Was Some Like It Hot the best comedy ever as of April 2019?
How many nationalities are there in Russia?
How long was Princess Tarakanova incarcerated in the Peter and Paul Fortress?
How many Rugby World Cups did Richard Hugh McCaw ONZ win?
What percentage of votes did Zelensky get at the presidential elections?
How long do hornbeams live?
How many countries had Eastern Orthodox Christianity as their established religion in 2019?
Is the series Skam translated into Russian?
How many termite types were there as of April 2019?
What was featured on the coat of arms of the Lachinov family?
What company manufactured the Angara rockets?
Was the God Kuzya cult banned in Russia as of April 2019?
How old was Christopher Columbus when he discovered America?
When did the daylight saving time start in 2019?
How many political systems are there?
What is the entrance fee to the Grand Teton National Park?
What is the area size ratio of Calgary to France?
Is the Trinity Cathedral in Pskov the oldest cathedral in Russia?
How many people lived in the village of Lahij in 2019?
What is the age rating of Baldur’s Gate II: Shadows of Amn?
Did Catherine II visit Nedashky?
What language is the Très Riches Heures du Duc de Berry written in?
How many personality types are there?
How long do termites live?
Was Bogorodichniy Center banned in Belarus?
Did Russia have the death penalty as of March 2019?
When was the German nuclear weapons program founded?
Where was the Star of David first mentioned?
How many wives did Peter the Great have?
When was the Museum of Modern Art in New York City founded?
What was the logo of the 2014 Winter Olympics?
How many countries were affected by the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant explosion cloud?
What company built the Kara class (Soviet designation Project 1134B Berkut B) cruisers?
What is the punishment for monopoly in Russia today?
When was the International Classification of Tulips adopted?
Where is the original photograph of Pushkin's wife?
What ocean does SpongeBob SquarePants live in?
How many Belarusian inhabited localities were freed during the Operation Bagration?
How many marriages has Donald Trump had?
How much did Mercedes-Benz 222 cost as of 2019?
Can you see the fall of the Chelyabinsk meteor on video?
Who won the battle in the Northern Face of the Kursk Bulge?
How many women were there in the Israeli army as of 2019?
How many botanical gardens are there in Ukraine?
How many tribes did Jacob's descendants form?
Was the mayor of Slovyansk arrested for separatism?
When were the first archaeological sites proving the existence of Kepoi found?
What city did the founder of Mohism come from?
What business helped Arsen Avakov earn money?
Who was the leader of the Army of Republika Srpska at the time of its foundation?
How long did the Bagrationi dynasty rule Georgia?
How many awards did Viktor Pelevin win?
Who was the main artist of the game Freelancer?
What does "Mogami" mean in Japanese?
How many centuries did the Kyivan Rus exist?
How many times did Manchester City Football Club win the Premier League?
Who designed Sonic Adventure 2?
How many awards did Silent Hill win?
What is the longest river in Turkmenistan?
Who wrote the music for Ridley Scott's movie The Martian?
What is the capital of the Avar Khanate?
How many stations did the London Underground have as of March 2019?
What is the highest point of the Quintero mountain?
How many episodes does the TV series Eternal Call have as of now?
How did the 2006 Georgian–Russian espionage controversy end?
How much did a liter of 95 petrol cost in Moscow as of March 2019?
What is a criminal law expert?
How many tanks participated in the Leningrad–Novgorod strategic offensive?
What year was Turkey freed from the Greek occupation?
What museum owns the most extensive collection of Max Liebermann's works?
How many German-language movies were released in 2018?
How long did it take to make Hayao Miyazaki's anime feature Kiki's Delivery Service?
How many rivers are there in the Rostov Oblast?
Did the Organization of Ukrainian Nationalists still exist in Ukraine as of March 2019?
When was Brazilian Jiu-Jitsu first developed?
Can a strong immune system be transmitted by heredity?
What is the name of the cathedral in Belgrade?
What was the cost of an Italian visa for Russians in 2019?
How did the 1st Battle of Kharkov (1941) end?
How many wives did the last Sultan of the Ottoman Empire have?
How long did the first Soviet lunar vessel take to reach the Moon from the Earth?
Is Minsk a part of the Minsk Region?
What museum owns the most extensive collection of Dmitriev-Mamonov's paintings?
What country had the lowest retirement age in the world as of 2019?
Who first defined multiple sclerosis?
How many copies of the Final Fantasy X game were sold in Russia in 2018?
What is the average life expectancy of a sperm whale?
When was the first Polish resistance movement in World War II formed?
How many streets are there in Rome as of today?
Who founded OJSC "Yukos Oil Company"?
How many countries identified the Holodomor as genocide as of March 2019?
Did the Focke-Wulf Fw 190 Würger have a female pilot during World War II?
How many Soviet female snipers fought in World War II?
How many national holidays were there in Russia as of March 2019?
Where was Matthew Konstantinovsky buried?
Who was the first captain of the Russian battleship Peresvet?
Who was the first ruler of the Grand Duchy of Lithuania?
Did the Royal Scots obey the Queen of England?
Did Russians need a visa to go to Jerusalem in 2019?
How many Russian metro stations are named after Lomonosov?
Was the Soviet Union a founding member of the UN?
Are there integrated classrooms in Chechnya's schools?
When did the Ethiopian language develop?
How many Americans died during the Omaha Beach operation?
How many Christians were there in Syria as of March 2019?
What alcohol mixes well with antidepressants?
How many assassination attempts did Stolypin have on his life?
Who are considered to be the first inhabitants of the northern Pontic littoral according to the written sources?
Who is the most famous student of Paul Adrien Maurice Dirac?
Do Komodo dragons mate for life?
How much did a Metal Gear Solid 3: Snake Eater game cost in Russia in 2018?
What is the closest to Khitrovskaya Square metro station?
Who introduced the term punitive psychiatry?
Who proposed the expectancy violations theory?
Who was the mayor of Moscow in 1999?
What family did Roger I of Sicily's wife come from?
Why is the rugby ball shaped that way?
What was written on the Roman portrait sculptures?
How many school attacks did Russia have in 2018?
Do monasteries pay taxes in Russia?
How many children did Grigoriy Grigorievich Lachin have?
Where was the launch site of STS-134?
How many Russians received the Nobel Prize?
How much does the Proton launch vehicle weigh?
When did people begin to study dialectical materialism in Russia?
What was the first religious Hindu organization in Russia?
During what war was the term General Frost coined?
When was the first theological expertise under the Ministry of Justice of the Russian Federation carried out?
Are casinos legal in Belarus?
How many streets are there in Korolyov?
How many people were involved in the hostage rescue during the Moscow theater hostage crisis?
What nickname did the Grand Duchess Maria Nikolaevna of Russia have?
Who is the main male character in the poem Haft Peykar?
How many ships were built in Israel in 2018?
Who was the first ruler of Uralsk?
Where did Natalia Petrovna Koptseva work as of April 2019?
How many levels of English language proficiency are there?
Where was Peter the Great's wife from?
When was the Russian Ministry of Tourism formed?
How many rounds of the presidential elections were there in Syria on June 3, 2014?
When did Roger Y. Tsien become a professor?
When was the first currency market formed in England?
Was the evolutionary theory of sex included in Russian textbooks?
When was the Mexican airmail service established?
How much did an Indonesian visa cost for Russians as of March 2019?
How many records were set by the aircraft built in the Mikoyan Design Bureau?
What level of radiation is dangerous to the human body?
What chronology system did the Khazars use?
Is military service compulsory in Palestine?
What is depicted in Tibet paintings?
How many hours does it take to fly from Moscow to Melbourne?
What is the population size of Oslo as of today?
Who created quantum physics?
Who was the chief designer of the Messerschmitt Me 262 aircraft?
How many Russian students are there in Poland as of March 2019?
How to become a freemason in Russia?
What does the word "amida" mean?
How many music groups was Keith John Moon a member of in 1970?
How many people work in the European Parliament in 2019?
What is the most common Armenian women's name in Armenia in April 2019?
Who is the author of the Berlusconi biography?
What is the average temperature in Normandy in August?
How much is a postage stamp in Russia today?
What was the outcome of the first Gothic war?
How many hours by train is it from Moscow to Kerch?
How does the name of the city "Astana" translate from the Kazakh language?
How many avenues does Nizhny Novgorod have in April 2019?
Was the character of commander Jeffrey David Sinclair married on Babylon 5?
How many tourists visited Versailles in 2018?
What was the natural enemy of the Iguanodon?
How many people live in the village of Verkh-Neivinsky in 2019?
Was there a woman among the astronauts of the STS-135?
How many cartoons did Disney release in 2018?
What animal is on the verge of extinction in 2019?
What year was Steven Spielberg born?
Were the Germanic peoples conquerors or farmers?
Has Arthur John Evans been to Russia?
Was Ford Ka produced in Europe?
How many Russians lived in Dagestan in 2018?
How many times has Everton F.C .from Liverpool won the English Premier League?
