When was the law of gender identity adopted in State of Arizona?
How many countries make up the Middle East region?
Where are the sweeping hot baths located?
Who is the Turkish actor nicknamed as Baklava?
When was Fingerprint powder invented?
How long does the garlic plant take to grow?
Who discovered the Xerostomia syndrome?
How long did the rule of Abdul Aziz I, the son of Sultan Mahmud II last?
What is the first works of Judge Abu Bakr Al-Baqillanii?
Why is there so much intimidation in the Islamic religion?
How many African immigrants through the Maghreb to Spain?
How much was Somalia's livestock in 1986?
Should religion be separated from politics?
What is the class affected by technological unemployment?
What is Zamaktel sport?
How many types of contraceptives there are?
How many Arab countries have The Arab Socialist Baʽath Party?
Who has the fastest goal scored in the Champions League?
What are the physical entities of e-learning resources?
What is the most important book of Mustafa Jawad?
How many victims died in El Alamein city?
Is it allowed to drink water during fasting in case of severe thirst?
To what family does the varnish tree belong?
When was Abdullah Ibn Saba' born?
Who is the author of The Work of Comparison: Israel and Apartheid?
How much was the wheat produced in Libya in 2007?
What is the first book of Abdullah Ibrahim, the Iraqi reseacher?
Is the use of Tender dating program safe?
What is the smallest country in Eastern Europe?
What is the war in which the Russian 2K12 Kub missiles were used for the first time?
How many seas does the "Thrace" region border?
What does "Al-Baraka" linguistically mean?
How many small companies have Google bought in 2012?
What is the temperature average of Cameroon in summer?
Does man share the same number of cervical vertebrae with the girraffe's?
When was the film "Wonders Of Ancient Egypt" released?
When has "Al-qarea" novel been written?
How tall is the "Safa" mountain?
What is the ratio of infectious diseases in the world?
Which is the most city attracting tourists in 2018?
When was the Fifth Zionist Congress held?
How to diagnose Urinary Tract Infection?
How tall is the nut tree?
Who has performed "Detective Conan's" voice in its atabic version?
What is the oldest Arabic athletic club?
Who has discovered the "equation of area"?
What is the Quranic verse in which the Basmalah is read twice?
What is the most difficult language in the world?
Who invented nitrazepam?
Who is the author of "what does unlce Sam want" book?
What is the height of Nick Jonas?
What is the average salary of the flight dispatcher in Germany?
How is the Kuwaiti dinar considered the highest currency in the world?
Is salt one of the natural ways that can treat hypotension?
How many presidents had ruled Iraq before the American invasion in 2003?
Why did Arabs become known for using nicknames?
How long is an episode in the series of Artgrel?
What is the name of the Australian royal family?
Is Maya Diab a transexual?
Has Russia ever imposed sanctions on the United States of America?
Does donating blood save the patient from death?
How many mental disorder types are there?
How long does it take to make a traditional korean pottery vase?
How far is Ohio from New York?
Where was François Guizot born?
What is the rating of Manos: The Hands of Fate on IMDB?
How many are the computer components?
how many Fahrenheit is 1 Celsius?
What the is biggest European city?
Who is the wife of Abdulrahman Bin Hamad Bin Fawzan?
How much was the Saudi production of oil in 1960?
How are the huge data amounts of Facebook being processed?
How many endocrine glands are there in the human body?
What is the distance between Erbil and Baghdad?
Who is the husband of singer Madonna?
How is the area of a circle calculated?
What is the biggest mosque in Tunisia?
How many years to study a doctorate in dentistry at state university in France?
What is the population of the Libyan village of Qasr al-Hajj?
How many were the gods of Quraysh?
When did the Bible come down?
How many pages are in the Torah, The Bibles, and the Holy Quran in the scale of the modern science?
What is the number of the Syrian army forces?
How many followers does the Ash'ari theological school have?
How is Taroudant city reached by land?
Who is the founder of the Faculty of Arts and Humanities in Damascus?
What is phpTransformer?
Is there really a stronger part of the brain?
How many particles are in the nucleolus?
How many meters are in 100 kilometers?
Is there a way to determine the sex of cat babies?
What is the average salary in Germany?
What is the Fribourg spot?
What is the job of a food auditor?
What is the most popular search interview on the Internet?
How many brothers does Bandar bin Sultan bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud have?
How long did the Ottoman occupation of North Africa last?
Who built the norias in the Syrian city of Hama?
When was the British Institute of Culture opened in Damascus?
What is the difference between astrology and astronomy?
What is doctrine of Sheikh Hussein bin Sheikh Ali?
Who is the top scorer in the La Liga in the 1970 season?
What is the highest ecclesiastical position?
When was the verse prohibiting pork revealed?
Are you studying manufacturing engineering in Poland?
Is CNN monitored by the pro-Israel Committee for Accuracy?
Who is the ninth son of King Abdul Aziz?
Has any American president ever participated in the celebration of Victory Day in Russia?
What is the area of ​​Palestine?
How is program written in Python 3.6?
Who was the lead actor in the Arab historical film Destiny?
For how many years did Peter I live with Christ?
What are the most successful teaching methods in the UK?
Who won the world speedboat championship in 2018?
How large were the countries controlled by Muslims when the Prophet Muhammad died?
Who was the second Saudi foreign minister?
How many square kilometers is the area of Turkey?
What is the meaning of the Arab proverb half of a thousand is five hundred?
Who is the tābiʻ that Abu Abdullah Sufyan bin Saeed followed?
How old was Muhammed bin Salman when he was appointed crown prince?
How many rivers are there in Hungary?
How many years did the filming of the series Game of Thrones take?
Do plant viruses cause cholera?
When was the series Emperor of the Sea dubbed?
Is the cartoon series Sally based on a true story?
How many seeds are there in a kiwi?
How many branches are there in the science of the fundamentals of religion?
What is the area of ​​the Netherlands?
How many planes were there in the Korean Airlines fleet in 2018?
How many hostels are there in Tunisia?
Where did the philosopher John Rolls die?
How many fields are taught in the Islamic World Academy ?
Who is the first ambassador appointed in Washington to Lebanon?
Who is the current Algerian president?
When did king (Afriqis Ibn Dhi Al-Manar) ascend the throne?
Who was the first person to win a million on the Arab version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?
What was the economic growth rate of Sweden in 2018?
What is the area of ​​the city of Abu Qir?
When was the Labor Press Centre established in Tunisia?
Where is the city of Kodansha?
Should the Pope be celibate in the Christian denominations?
What is the percentage of natural calcium in an adult?
What is the population of the Donbass?
How are needles injected using the machine?
How did Harald V die?
Where are Beiruti grapes found?
What do legislative elections mean?
Who is the author of the play A Trial in the Paradise of Poets?
How many Royal Saudi Navy ships are there?
What is the area of ​​rain forests in Central Africa?
Who was the first Arab astronomer?
Why did the economic crisis occur in Libya in the year 2015?
When did Albert Einstein develop the theory of relativity?
What is the area of ​​England?
When did Abdullah ibn Saba' die?
How did Alfred Dreyfus die?
How did technological unemployment start?
Where was Arfja ibn Harthaimah ibn Abd-al-Uzza born?
When did computers start using Windows 10?
How far is the city of Ur from Baghdad?
What is the root of the verb "adjust"?
Who was the first queen in Britain?
Which year was the British Empire established?
When was the organization of the oppressed founded?
Who is the leader of the Ninja Turtles?
Did the Phoenicians use canoes?
When did Joseph the Prophet of God live?
Is (Homer's voice and his father's voice) performed by the same actor in the cartoon series (The Simpsons)?
What is the collection of intelligence data electronically?
How long did Harold Wilson serve as Prime Minister?
What color is the logo of the Lebanese Future Movement?
Is the singer Ashanti married?
Who is the last emperor of the Inca empire?
How thick is the stratosphere?
How many stars are there in the Big Dipper constellation?
When did the Janissary massacre happen?
What is the area of ​​the city of Shahba in southern Syria?
What is radiation therapy?
How many recruits are there in the Egyptian armed forces?
What is the slogan of the Israeli Combat Engineering Corps?
How long did the battle of Kirkuk last?
Who is the Minister of Higher Education in Tunisia?
Does a person catch (chickenpox) disease once in their life?
How many species of deer are there in Europe?
When was the first version of Adobe Illustrator released?
How far is the city of Adana from Istanbul?
What is the nationality of media figure Kholoud Al Amyan?
Who is the owner of the largest farms in the world?
How many types of Arabic calligraphy are there?
What is the appropriate age for Hajj?
How many continents are there in the new world?
What is the annual period for Leo?
How can feelings be controlled in the event of a spark of love?
Who is the Shell logo designer?
Is smoking marijuana legal in Colombia?
Could the mother's health prevent breastfeeding?
What is the name of the region responsible for memory in the brain?
Which is the first Arab railway?
What is the arachnoid mater in biology?
When was the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights established?
Who is the author of the novel "Adam's Breed"
Who is the inventor of the Avira Antivirus program?
Is marriage to more than one woman legal in Britain?
When was the world's first bank opened?
Can the damage caused by cerebral palsy be remedied in children?
When did the second Saudi state fall?
Who is the last prince of the golden age of Islam?
How many warships are there in the Australian Navy fleet?
Does coconut oil help lighten the skin?
When did the woman receive the British Royal Crown?
Where is the largest amount of gas in Egypt?
Does Alzheimer's disease affect a specific age group?
How long did it take to complete the Gotthard Base Tunnel?
How much storage does the cassette tape have?
What is the main religion in Togo?
What is the smallest fish?
What was the first album of Umm Kulthum?
Who were the opposing parties in the Black September conflict?
Is there a Laylat al-Qadr in Christianity?
When did American doctor Larry MacDonald die?
What is the percentage of adults with cerebral palsy is the United States?
When was the Canaanite city of Megiddo founded?
Which Arab country was the first to borrow from the International Monetary Fund?
What is the average sugar concentration in apples?
How many Egyptian hieroglyphs are there?
Who was the last Greek emperor?
How many buttons does a mobile phone have?
When did Harald V die?
How was the UAE's economy before oil was discovered in the ground?
Do the Syrian forces have the military aircraft F16?
Who is the current Australian Prime Minister?
Who wrote the novel The Depression of Haruhi Suzumiya?
What are high-risk loans?
What are the risks of using the long-tail cast on method?
Who was the first president of the Organization of African Unity?
When was American businesswoman Ruth Han born?
How old is Martin Seligman?
What is Praxeology?
Where is uranium in the modern periodic table?
Who is the inventor of the electrical circuit?
When did Qatar apply to host the 2022 World Cup?
When did the Spanish occupation of South America end?
What is the area of ​​Turkey?
Where does the Niger River flow?
What was the first movie directed by American director Frank Capra?
When was the American network HBO established?
Is obesity a genetic disease?
What is the largest university in Canada?
How many countries sponsor the Yemeni Dialogue Conference?
How many times did Michael Jackson get married during his lifetime?
How far is Puerto Rico from Mexico?
When did the Iraqi state become independent?
Who is Real Madrid's top scorer?
How many years did the Ottoman occupation last in North Africa?
Who was the first president of the State of Qatar?
How much does DNA testing cost in Austria?
Where is Nan'ao Island?
How many Yemeni islands are there?
What is the natural pH of soil?
When was the International Inspection Court established?
How much is Venezuela's oil production?
How long did the Persian Empire last?
What are the nearest Iraqi cities to the Kuwaiti borders?
How many gates does Al-Aqsa Mosque have?
When was the cartoon Ice Age released?
When was Michelangelo born?
How long did the Persian Empire last?
Who is the inventor of the nanobattery?
Are tattoos harmful to the human skin?
Are you studying physics at the University of California?
How many books of the Prophet Moses are there in the Torah?
Where is the Abi Mariam Quranic school located?
What is the organization responsible for food regulation and inspection in Libya?
When did France occupy Mali?
Was the Ebola virus developed in laboratories?
Which year was the anime series Kiteretsu Daihyakka released?
What is the outcome of the 2017 US election?
Who is the director of the Syrian film The Innocent Accused?
What is the language of Aboriginal Australians?
When was the garlic plant discovered?
How many universities does the 1994 Group have?
Where are the Zell am See Mountains located?
What is the population of Ecuador?
What is the IQ of chimpanzees compared to humans?
Can the human brain get infected?
How many hurricanes were there in 2010?
How many Renaissance periods has Europe seen?
How did Alfonso X The Wise manage his royal court?
What does blood pressure consist of?
Who is the founder of Confucianism?
When was Finland established?
When was hockey invented?
Who was the creator of sign language?
How many victims were there during the Mongol attack on Baghdad?
When did computers start using Windows Vista ?
How many stars does a colonel have in the Syrian navy?
How many Spanish championships did FC Barcelona receive?
Is Zinedine Zidane Amazigh?
Does Alcatel manufacture computers?
How long does a giant otter live?
How long does a solar beam need to reach the Earth's surface?
What is the giant otter known for?
Who performed the voice of Tiana in the Arabic dubbing of the film The Princess and the Frog?
Who is the director of the series Jareemat Shaghaf?
Could a baby be born with syndactyly?
What is the smallest state of the Federal Republic of Germany?
Which year was the movie "Rain Man" released?
Which year did Danny Boyle win an Oscar for the movie Slumdog Millionaire?
Which year was the Indian drama film "Cute and Dangerous" produced?
Can porphyria be treated?
Why?
Where was Mary of Teck born?
How is cast iron made?
Who is the scientist known as the "father of nuclear physics"?
What is the annual income of the Israeli army?
Which year did Japan announce its surrender during World War II?
Is fasting practiced in the Sikhism?
Where was the largest earthquake in history?
When was the phenomenon of selling wives popular in England?
Is the ancient city of Lyon classified as a World Heritage Site?
What are the effects religious extremism?
How much is the amount allocated from the government for childcare in Swedish law?
What are the symptoms of cancer?
What is the area of ​​the Netherlands?
How long did Mohamed Naguib's presidency last?
How many times has Nicole Kidman been nominated for an Academy Award?
Where is the tallest statue in the world?
What's the number of the secondary tectonic plates?
What is the largest city in the state Kentucky, USA?
Who is the author of the poetry collection "From the Land of Sheba"?
Who is the winner of the 2006 FIFA Club World Cup?
How many traditional Hungarian recipes are there?
When was the Xbox 360 console released?
How many muscles are there in the heart?
When was the stock exchange established in the United States of America?
What was the name of the first Arab doctor?
Why do women earn lower salaries in many countries?
How many countries does the Kalahari Desert cover?
Who is the chairman of the board of directors of Al-Ahly Club?
Who invented the engine?
What is the largest hospital in Egypt?
When was the Ogilvy advertising agency established?
What is the longest car bridge in Egypt?
What is the common house?
Where was William Ford Gibson buried?
Who called for the start of the second Crusade?
Who is the director of "The Manchurian Candidate"?
Who is the author of Sevastopol Sketches?
Which was the first Arab country to insist on making female education compulsory?
Who was the geologist Richter?
Did the Syrian government ally with Saudi Arabia to suppress the demonstrations?
Where does the Amnok River empty?
Is Belarus still part of Russia?
Who is the founder of probability theory in algebra?
What is the largest city in Iran?
Who is the first psychiatrist in the world?
Who was the first to win the Booker Literary Prize?
When was Palestine occupied?
What is the largest Austrian cities?
What is the vulnerable group for Neuroblastoma?
Which year was UNFPA established?
When was actress Jane Fonda born?
What is an integer in mathematics?
What is the largest city in South Sudan?
What are the benefits of using programmed production?
When was the Red Crescent Society founded?
What is the easiest language in the world?
What kind of military aircrafts are used by the Syrian army?
Who discovered the Marburg virus?
When was the first Turkish movie made?
When was the oscilloscope invented?
How many sultans did the Ottoman Empire have?
When was the song Algorithm released by Muse?
Who is the player who got the most red cards in football history?
How many teeth do mullets have?
Who was the president of Syria in 2000?
When did Egyptian satellite television start broadcasting?
What are the most famous works of Mark Curtis?
Who is the father of Abdallah ibn Harun al-Rashid?
What is the quantum theory in simple terms?
How many countries border the Mediterranean Sea?
When was the American series "Sex and the City" released?
When was the programming language C ++ created?
When did the Ād tribe live?
Which film won the Academy Award in 2018?
When did Homs join the Seljuk state?
Is there a treatment for homosexuality?
Is global warming real?
Is Saudi Arabia accused of exporting terrorism?
How can hydrocephalus be treated?
What is the best selling PlayStation game?
Who discovered that the Earth is spherical?
What is the best job in the United States according to reports in 2018?
Did Taha Hussein work in Al-Ahram newspaper?
What is the area of Armenia?
Who played Dr. Strange in the Avengers movie?
Is the amount of urine produced after drinking cane juice the same as after drinking a glass of water?
Has the Yemeni team ever won the AFC Asian Cup?
When do children have the right to choose a parent in cases of divorce?
How many times did the name Pharaoh be mentioned explicitly in Surat Al-A'raf?
How can social control be applied?
Who was the first Sudanese president after independence?
Which year was the first women's football team formed?
Who was the Vice President who temporarily assumed the presidency in succession to Hosni Mubarak?
Can children live without vaccination?
When was the writer and critic Nabil el-Fayadh born?
How many hadiths are there?
What is the radioactive material used in nuclear missiles?
How many slums are there in Cairo?
How many seeds are there in a medium-sized strawberry?
For which club did Riyad Mahrez play before moving to the English club Manchester City?
Who built the city of Shibam?
What was Sarah Palin's position in the election campaign in which Trump was nominated?
How close was John the Baptist to Jesus Christ?
When was Baltimore City College founded?
What is the estimated number of people who have been killed since the outbreak of the Syrian war?
Which year did the Argentine Senate pass a bill granting marriage rights to same-sex couples?
When was Indiana University founded?
What was the first social media network?
What was the percentage of Protestants in the Christian faith in France up to 2010?
What is the official language of the Republic of Kiribati?
When was the Toys R Us games store founded?
Who was the last of the Rightly Guided Caliphs?
How much does Syria's chemical weapons program cost?
What is the capital of the Principality of Monaco?
When did Nizar Qabbani write the poem (Barefoot)?
How much did the movie "The Avengers" gross in the United States?

What is the oldest natural reserve in the world?
When was the Saudi Air Force established?
Who was the fortieth president of the United States?
What is the unit of measurement for area?
What is the difference between a reactionary and a socialist system?
Who discovered rabies?
What is particle physics?
When is Malcolm X Day?
When did the space probe Rosetta land on the Churyumov–Gerasimenko comet?
When did Nelson Mandela get into politics?
When did JavaScript first appear?
How long is the coast of Sicily?
When was the movie Salmon Fishing in the Yemen released?
How many layers does the Earth have?
Is there equality between men and women in terms of inheritance in Islam?
What is the treatment of oxygen toxicity?
Which country was the top wine exporter in the world in 2015?
Which is the first country to ban the use of plastic bags in commercial spaces?
Which year was the University of Pretoria founded in the Republic of South Africa?
How long did Yacoub Yusuf ibn Tashfin's reign of Al-Andalus last?
How long was Yasser Arafat the President of the Palestinian Authority?
What is the average fetal weight at birth?
When was the Algerian Revolution?
Could air turbulence cause a tsunami?
Who was the first Abbasid caliph?
What is the smallest lake in the world in terms of size?
Who is the first woman to be prime minister in an Islamic state?
The theory of life history is science or myth?
In what year did the book "100 immortals" come out?
What is Morocco’s Agricultural Policy?
Who is the first Arab pharmacist?
Who are the Vikings?
When was the first cigarette maker established?
Who was the president who took over the presidency after Richard Nixon?
When was the Alestiklal newspaper established?
whats the importance of cores?
Is Islam tolerant towards homosexuals?
Who is the winning party for the German elections in 2018?
Who is the most famous YouTuber in the UAE?
Who discoverer of the Whirlpool Galaxy?
What is the solvent for oils and grease in soap?
What is Europe's oldest capital?
What is the largest meteorite that ever hit the earth?
What is the last movie directed by the American director Frank Capper?
Is the program Solidworks a Manufacturing Engineering Program?
Who is the fourth President of the United States of America?
What is Canada's largest city?
What is the nationality of the music author Daniel Auber?
Who is the father of modern orthodontics?
What is the ink refill of cartridges?
What area is known as the El Khroub or the Kharnoub?
What is the goal of the bodyguard operation?
Is purchasing marijuana allowed in Hungary?
In what year was the first Intercontinental Cup?
Who is the Minister of Education of Kuwait at the moment?
When did political conflict start in Chad?
Is Saudi Arabia's satellite news channel Al Arabiya affiliated with Saudi King Salman?
What is the density of the helium element?
When did the State of Samoa become independent?
Is Syrian Falcon threatened with extinction?
What is the largest island of Jamaica?
How far is New York City from San Francisco?
How far is Pluto from Earth?
What is the capital of the city of Shabwa?
Who is the founder of the American Congress?
How can Big Data be processed?
What does the name Colombo mean in Latin?
When was the first use of the term terrorism?
Which is the most powerful Arab army currently?
What is the country of origin of coffee?
When did the author Christopher Eric Hitchens live?
Where did you mention the beautiful names of God?
What is the area of the Grand Bursa Mosque?
When did Montenegro separate from Serbia?
Who is the first woman to win a gold medal in the 1900 Olympics?
What is the first music album of Gustavo Adrián Cerati?
How many services are there in the Coptic Church?
What is the cheapest European country in terms of wages?
Who are the parties in the Battle of Modon?
Who are the parties that fought in the Battle of Hunayn?
How high is the city of Alexandria above sea level?
Why did Germany invade the Soviet Union?
Why are there different versions of the holy book?
Is Surat Al-Qamar Meccan or Medinan?
When did The Great Galveston hurricane happen?
When did Brazil join Interpol?
How much traffic has arrived at Dubai International Airport in 2018?
What is the capital of East Germany?
What year did St. Valentin born?
Where was Ubaidah ibn al-Jarrah born?
When did St. Mark live?
Is the Indian state Sikkim considered coastal or inland?
Why do the Jews believe that they are God's chosen people?
What is the highest rated series on the IMDB site?
How many things should be avoided in the workplace?
What is the Palestinian village of Lajjun known for?
Are there any poetic verses attributed to Hamza ibn Abdul-Muttalib?
How many Rightly Guided Caliphs were there?
Is the phenomenon of honor killing widespread in the Arab world?
Why is music prohibited in Islam?
When was the Black Sea movie released?
What are the endangered birds?
What is the name of the first wife of Fernando II king of Portugal?
How long is the Argentinosaurus?
Who wrote the Apocryphon of James?
How many verses are there in the Surat Ash-Shuara?
Has the American singer Bob Dylan ever received the Nobel Prize for Literature?
What is the legalization method?
When was the US Senate established?
Which State does the Transnistria Republic belong legally?
Where is the Knesset located in Israel?
What is the enzyme responsible for blood clotting?
When did the Battle of Spoons happen?
What is New York State's oldest High School?
Where is the largest airport in the world?
What is the water diet?
How can the Minamata disease be treated?
How many dams are there along the Nile?
What is the programming language used in most medical software?
What is the mean duration of cat pregnancy ?
What is the biggest Palestinian city?
Is the reproduction of organisms in decline?
What are the risks of poor ventilation on the health of the respiratory system?
Can infants be exposed to cerebral palsy?
How is the process of propaganda performed?
Who drafted Libya's constitution?
What is the G-spot?
What was the world's largest prison in 2019?
What are the longest inland Arab river?
Who was the helium balloon designer?
How widespread is the sign language in the world?
When was the University of Columbia founded in New York City?
Why is China called the sleeping giant?
How many years did the Russian poet Alexander Pushkin live?
Does the Libyan institutions upholds safety laws and regulations?
When was Sinclair founded?
Who was the first surgeon in the world?
Who is The Minister of Women Affairs right now?
How many followers did the school of Maturidi have in 2015?
(source text doesn't make sense need more context)
When was the scientist Ali ibn al-'Abbas al-Majusi born?
Who is the father of Maya Angelou?
are proper nouns considered diptotes in the Arabic language?
Where does the Tree of heaven grow specifically?
When did the Baroque period end?
How much does  the internationally approved basketball weigh?
What is the name of the first Iraqi region to be been ivaded by the US?
When was the Australian parliament established?
Has Islam recovered the dignity of women?
When was the series SpongeBob aired in Arabic?
Who was the king of Morocco in the year 2008?
In what year did the Bosnian Serb Republic announce its secession from Bosnia and Herzegovina?
When was the movie "The Passion of Christ" released?
What was Gandhi's race?
Did the Greeks think that the vision process was caused by the emission of rays from the eyes?
To which tribe did the Prophet of Islam Muhammad belong to?
Who is the first Yemeni foreign minister after the union?
Who built the honorable Kaaba?
What's the percentage of Muslims in Portugal currently?
What is the largest country in the Islamic world?
When did the Mongols destroy Baghdad?
Who is the composer of the song "The Revolution of Doubt" by Umm Kulthum?
How many episodes are there in all the seasons of the series “Game of Thrones”?
When did British historian Mark Curtis live?
How big is North Carolina?
When did William Cooley die?
Whats the number of episodes in the series Samurai Jack?
How many times did Chile participate in the World Cup?
What is the largest city of Zambia?
When was the Quran revealed?
Who said,"Early Start, Grow Smart"?
When was the Kuwaiti liberal movement founded?
How many countries did the Kingdom of Portugal occupy?
is the series Valley of the Wolves worth watching?
What is the largest species of spiders in Australia?
Who was the President of the First Republic (Syria)?
When was Masharah village founded?
When was the global center for Pluralism opened?
Who was the first president of Lebanon after the civil war?
Why wasn't the Czech capital Prague affected by the events of World War II?
When did actor Gene Wilder die?
What is the Russian folk costume called?
When was the Canon Film Production Group established?
When was the American Expedia Group founded?
When was the Japanese Empire overthrown?
When did Iran join the (OPEC) Organization?
Who founded Skype?
What is the most famous Spice Girls song?
What are the most important Maidenhair tree extract?
How can you help children avoid being subjected to domestic violence?
When was the first medical journal published?
What are Lucio Dalla's most famous compositions?
How many languages ​​are spoken in Estonia?
What are the largest province of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan in terms of area?
when was the television show America's Got Talent first released?
When was the State of South Sudan first recognized internationally?
How long is the Saudi-Yemeni border?
What is the largest desert in the world?
What are the flaws of the Arab identity?
From which university did the philosopher Michel Foucault graduate?
Who was the king and founder of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan after the Great Arab Revolution?
When was Kinder Corporation founded?
Were all the prisons closed in Norway?
When did Syria gain its independence from France?
What is the degree of corruption in the Saudi government?
What is the largest island in Australia?
What is the meaning of maintaining balance?
What is the surface area of ​​the city of Jaffa?
Did Moldova participate in the FIFA World Cup?
When did the Islamic caliphate move to the Levant?
What is the treatment for the Common cold?
What was the first metro in Japan?
How much cactus did Arizona export in 2010?
Does Humanism belong to any religion?
Who was the first to apostatize from Islam after the death of the Prophet Muhammad?
Where is the phenomenon of sexual exploitation of children widespread?
What is the role of mothers in the upbringing of children?
is it permissible to rape prisoners of war?
When did Pope Francis pass away?
Where is the historical library of Celsus located?
What is the main component of the teeth?
How big are the pyramids of Giza?
Was the ideal figure of a Victorian women a tall, slender torso and wide hips?
Was the Pharaoh who trusted Joseph a Unitarian?
What type of government does Saudi Arabia have?
How many hours does it take to finish the game Fable?
What is the rate of economic growth in Albania in 2018?
Which countries apply social democracy?
can neurons Neuroregenerat or divide in adults?
How often is Halley's comet passing over Earth?
What is the closest US state to the island of Hawaii?
What was the population of the state of Washington in 2004?
What is the population of  Bayt Mahsir?
What is the remaining population of the American Indians?
What is the difference between black and green tea?
How much did the Titanic cost?
How far is Sinai on Palestine?
is there a medication for quitting drugs?
How many member countries are there in ESCWA?
What is the dominant religion on the island of Hawaii?
When was the right to divorce granted to women in America?
What were the most famous songs of Sandra Ann Lauer in 1998?
When was access to primary schools in the UK facilitated?
When was the actor George Abyad born?
when did George R. R. Martin live?
What is the largest city in Brazil?
What is the name of the channel that connects the Caribbean sea to the Pacific Ocean?
What is the zero hour in the October War?
How fast are Petrol engine cars?
Did Shakespeare write comedy plays?
When was Jesus peace be upon him born?
How far is the city of Salalah from Muscat?
When was Michelangelo born?
What is the agricultural policy in Algeria?
What is the largest city in the United States?
What type of government does Vietnam have?
What is the capital of the Republic of Nepal?
In what year did the Soviet forces attack Vilnius, the capital of Lithuania, to stop its independence?
Who is the author of "Six Thinking Hats"?
When was the cartoon series Dexter's Laboratory launched?
What is the capital of the Ottoman Empire?
How many movies did Quentin Tarantino direct?
Is astronomy a science or just beliefs about positions?
How many antiquities and antique buildings did ISIS destroy?
When was Muhammad Saeed Al-Arian born?
What is the science of jurisprudence in religion?
Is halal meat cleaner than other meats?
What is decentralized management?
How many Egyptian presidents visited Israel?
When did the era of the Pharaohs end?
Where did the Greek god Zeus live according to legends?
Who is the architect attributed to the design of El Escorial in Spain?
when did south korea gain its independence?
How many stages of Piaget are there?
Where was Christian religion revealed?
How can I write a text in aRuqʿah script in the Word program?
How did the Abbasid era end?
Who is the inventor of the oscilloscope?
What are Pervasive Developmental Disorders?
Who launched the Lady Bird movie?
What are the latest versions of the JavaScript language?
What is the maximum penalty for tax evasion in America?
Can a seven-month old baby live when he is are born?
When was Prenatal sex discernment used for the first time?
What is the area of ​​Qatar?
Who was Baruch Spinoza's father?
Where is the highest volcano summit located in the world?
What is the cause of the death of Mary, daughter of Francis?
When did Switzerland, known for its neutrality, join the United Nations?
How many compositions did Beethoven compose?
What is the First Council of Constantinople?
Who wrote the novel Sun on Closed Windows?
Who is the president of Greece?
Who is the manager of the Turkish club Trabzonspor?
Who is the richest American businesswoman in the year 2018?
How much is the wealth of Michael Schumacher's child?
What is the oldest intelligence service in the world?
What was the population of Turkey in the year 2018?
How long did the Qataban civilization last?
What is NATO?
How long does the coronation ceremonies of British kings last?
How to protect grains from damage?
When was the International Aviation Agency established?
Is the tomb of Jesus Christ located in the Church of the Holy Sepulcher?
What is the surface area of ​​the sphere?
What is the gas that accompanies thunderbolts?
When did the philosophers of the Age of Enlightenment live?
Where was Abdulaziz born?
What are the most famous Saudi products that are exported abroad?
Did Baruch Spinoza have any children?
What distinguishes the human brain from other mammals?
What is the Operation Ajax?
how many victims were there in the Sheikh Zuweid bombing in Sinai?
Who is the Hadith specialist?
When does the human body begin to Decompose after death?
Is the holiday after Ramadan an Eid?
Who borders Turkey to the south?
Is linking religion and politics a good or bad idea?
Who is the leader of the Labor Party in France?
Do industrial proteins help in muscle growth?
In which region of Syria was the late Jules Jamal born?
When did Mohamed Morsi die?
What is the treaty?
What is the area of ​​Aleppo province?
Can the game Dark Souls be played online?
Who is the first Syrian president?
What are the risks of cheap melamine consumption?
In which city is Ibn Khaldun's tomb located?
How many (missing text)
When did the Mamluks take control Iraq?
When was the Italian parliament established?
When did Muslims peform Hajj for the first time?
How many countries share borders with Mauritania?
Who said"Prevention is better than cure"?
Did the Amazigh ever invade Spain historically?
Where is the River Clyde located?
What is the most tobacco-producing country?
How long did Bayezid I the Lightning's rule last?
When did the French occupation leave Algeria?
Where did Al-Farabi live?
Which animal can destroy the turtle's shell?
What is Coronary artery disease?
What is the Witr prayer?
What is the largest city in Saudi Arabia?
Is it possible for a person to go insane due to insomnia?
How many types of anthrax are there?
How many types of dogs are there?
Where can I get the client / server form in Riyadh?
Who is the inventor of the electron microscope?
Who was Al-Ashraf Tuman bay?
What is the area of ​​the Algerian province of Ouargla?
At what rate do the ovaries produce eggs?
What does "flash drive" mean?
How can peace be achieved between Jews and Arabs in Palestine?
In which country is Qarakurum the capital of the Mughal Empire located?
what's the area of the city of Muscat?
When was the first pornographic movie released?
How many hours of sleep does a pregnant woman need per day?
How many times do muslims travel back and forth between the two mountains?
What is the date of the death of the late Saudi activist Jamal Khashoggi?
What are the most famous poetry pieces by Badr Shakir al-Sayyab?
Where was Michael Shawn Hickenbottom born?
Where was the American actor Joaquin Phoenix born?
How many years did the Slavery last in southern Iraq?
What is the city of Antalya famous for?
Does LG manufacture computers?
When was Prime Minister Nuri al-Said let go?
What is the Pendulum?
During the era of which French president was the pyramid of the Louvre Museum established?
How high is the Masharah plateau?
Where was Prince Ismail Pasha bin Ibrahim Al Hariri Al Rifai born?
Who is the author of the book The restorer of favours and the restrainer of chastisement?
What are the colors of the Jordanian flag?
What was the capital of East Germany?
What is the value of Zakat in Islamic law?
How was the supernova discovered?
Have Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad ever visited Turkey?
IS Crony capitalism used in transactions between Libyan commercial businesses?
When was the Zakat imposed on Muslims?
What are the largest province of India?
Where is the first newspaper in the world printed?
Who is the Secretary-General of Hezbollah?
What is the largest city in Syria?
Is there an ambulance for transporting animals?
Is there a cure for Hodgkin's disease?
When did the player Kobe Bryant retire?
What is semitism?
Do high buidings use Lightning rods?
Where is the memory center located in the brain?
Who was the commander Battle of Ain Jalut?
Where did Theodore Herzl die?
How many countries participated in the Madrid Peace Conference in 1991?
How many crew members did the Achille Lauro  ship have?
What are Martin Seligman's most famous books?
What are the largest universities in Egypt?
Why is sexual harassment prevalent in religiously committed societies?
What is the first animation program from Adobe?
What is the area of Morocco?
When was the Egyptian physicist  Mohamed El Naschie born?
Who was the president of Bangladesh in 2007?
Who was the first person to claim to see the Mokele-mbembe monster?
Can Clean Energy Reduce Global Warming?
When was Pop music created?
What is shock therapy?
When did the Sanhaja confederations fall?
Whats the area of the Qatif province?
What is the name of the author of the book Kalila and Demna?
When was the movie Armageddon released?
Who is the last ruler of the Austro-Hungarian Empire?
Who built the capital, Athens?
When was Solomon Northup born?
When did capitalism originate?
How old was (Ali ibn Abi Talib) when he became the caliph?
Does Minamata disease  cause death?
When was the city of Marsa Matruh founded?
When was the first surgery to treat arterial hypertension?
Is homosexuality classified as a mental illness?
Why is uranium dangerous?
How many weight divisions are there in boxing?
which countries have a social democracy?
When did the French armies invade Portugal?
What are the most famous works of Hideaki Anno?
When was cholera discovered?
What is the name of the American singer nicknamed the queen of bees?
which arab countries were the largest oil producer in 2018?
Who opposed the Prophet Jesus in spreading his faith?
What is the new imperialism?
When was the Austrian army established?
Does magnesium silicide dissolve in water?
Could Russia become the dominant power in the coming years?
What is the largest city in Uzbekistan?
Who was executive producer of the movie "Princess and the Frog"?
In what year was the first album of the Algerian singer Cheb Khaled released?
Who ruled Australia in 1978?
What is the duration of pregnancy for a female horse?
when did christianity spread to europe?
When did Queen Balqīs rule the Kingdom of Sheba?
How many kings of Spain were there after Franco's rule?
Has Ismail Ould Cheikh Ahmedever appointed a UN envoy to solve the Yemeni crisis?
How were the Jordanian protests calmed?
When was soap made?
Who was the president of the Soviet Union in 1965?
When was the movie the message filmed?
How did the United States respond to the Pearl Harbor attack?
What was the economic growth rate in Iraq in 2018?
Can neurons reproduce?
Is there an international law to try Those who commit honor killings?
How many Christian denominations are there?
When was the land of Palestine occupied?
When was the book The Genius of Mohammed released?
When was the first Hugo Award awarded?
Has Saudi Arabia won an equestrian gold medal in the Olympic Games?
Who is the first ruling dynasty in North Korea?
how long did it take to build the Great wall of china?
What are the most dangerous radioactive materials?
Who won the first NBA basketball league?
What is the largest number of victims of the cholera pandemic?
For how long did Wilhelm I rule?
When was the first Hijaz railway inaugurated?
Is the loss of consciousness a signs of Rift Valley fever?
What are programmable logic controller?
Who is the largest car manufacturer in the United States?
Who is the inventor of plastics?
When did the first Arab woman participate in the Olympic Games?
What are the largest Italian islands?
How many types of alternative energy are there?
What is the rarest blood type?
What is the meaning of world music?
What is the nationality of David Beckham?
How many rakats is there in the Fajr prayer in Islam?
What is the area of the Republic of Paraguay?
Is military service mandatory in Syria?
Who invented the water pump?
Are chronic diseases passed down genetically?
what was the nobel prize that steven chu received?
How big is the PlayStation 5?
What is COBOL Language?
whats was the area of the land controlled by the Byzantine Empire?
Why was President Benazir Bhutto assassinated?
Who is the owner of Ford Motor Company?
What were the exports of IKEA in 2017?
In what year did Japan start using the Gregorian calendar?
Why did the United States oppose Israel's declaration of Jerusalem as its capital in 1949?
How many women are there in Libya?
Who discovered the algebra in mathematics?
When was the first parts of the American horror series (Halloween) released?
What is the role of the Renaissance in Europe's level today?
Which Gulf country won the most Gulf Cups?
Who is the company that produced the movie "Peace Maker"?
What are the uses of Feverfew flower?
When did the concept of employment appear?
In which Armenian city is the Garni temple located?
Is the Japanese language derived from the Chinese language?
Is the cerebellum the center of thinking in human?
How long does the horse's pregnancy last?
Who established the United Arab Emirates?
Did the player Hédi Berkhissa die on the football field?
When was Kathryn Bigelow born?
Who treated tooth decay for the first time?
Where was the first case of the SARS virus recorded?
How does radiation help in the development of cancer cells?
Is Aripiprazole a drug for Treatment-resistant schizophrenia?
What is the ruling on breaking one of the days of fasting in the month of Ramadan according Quran?
How many victims were there in the Chad war between Libya and Chad?
What are the basics of a decent life?
What is the real name of the artist Nour el Houdda?
What is the oldest university established in Syria?
How many countries are there in the Mediterranean basin?
Is predicting a positive emotion?
In what year was the German University of Munich founded?
How many books did John Maynard Keynes have?
What was the top speed for Hurricane Patricia?
When was the Dar Al-Maarifah established in Tunisia?
Who is the president of the Airbus Group?
Why didn't senior Arab leaders attend the Arab Summit in 2010?
Who founded old Valencia?
What is the percentage of desert in the area of ​​Saudi Arabia?
Who was the first president of the Syrian Arab Republic?
What is the meaning of Euphemism?
What is the importance of the Guidelines on Disaster Prevention and Control ?
How many victims were there in the Bismarck Naval Battle?
When did Priyanka Chopra get married to Jonas?
Who invented the wind turbine?
Is the deconstruction approach considered a Pre-Socratic philosophy?
Who are the "daughters of Tariq"?
Where is the province of Santiago de Compostela located?
Is there bachelor's degree in the study of the stock market?
When was the Oxford University Press founded?
To whom can the Sassanid name be traced?
Is the intelligence service linked to the National Security Council?
When did the Koreans separate?
How many ingredients does a lasagna dish have?
What is the punishment for sexual harassment in Tunisian law
What is the spoken languagein the Republic of the Union of Myanmar?
Who was the President of the Dominican Republic in 2016?
How many Saudi ground forces are there?
What was the first American club for which Ibrahimovic played?
can death occur due to an overdose of ketamine?
How much was the weight of the first iron?
When was the Carthaginian civilization founded?
What is the role of Syrian women in the Syrian revolution?
Who destroyed the World Trade Center?
Is mineral water a major cause of frequent urination?
What is approximate the number of ISIS forces?
Who fought the Ottoman Empire in World War I?
Who was the mother of Hamoud al-Aqla al-Shu'aybi?
How to avoid corns?
Who was the president of India when Pakistan separated from India?
How many crew members are there in the straw hat pirates
How many fantasy novels are there?
Where was Julie Kavner born?
What is the rhyme of long sea poetry "albahr altawil"?
What is the correct number of hadiths of the Prophet Muhammad (PBUH)?
How many times has the Al Ain team won the AFC Champions League?
What are the first “fan activities” in the world?
What are the two different types of beriberi disease?
Who has the highest IQ score?
When was the super turbo compressor discovered?
When did female education become compulsory in Syria?
When was the movie "Cradle 2 the Grave" released?
When did India produce the nuclear bomb?
When did women get the right to participate in political work in Yemen?
Is drinking alcohol allowed in Hinduism?
Is the sunflower plant a star species?
How many major provinces are in the Arabian Peninsula?
How many ethnic minorities in Libya?
When was the gay liberation movement founded?
What is the cause of the volcanic revolution?
How many parties signed the Oslo agreement?
How many seasons does Anime Attack on Titan have?
How big is Qatif?
What is the difference between emotional intelligence and logical intelligence?
Who is Muhammad ibn Saleh al-Uthaymeen?
How long did the Bahraini protests last?
What is the largest city in Algeria?
What was the population of France for the year 2000?
Has a permanent treatment for measles been found?
Who is the designer of the Playstation Conversation?
In which year was the first part of the movie "The Godfather" released?
How far is Uranus from planet Earth?
When did Sweden and Norway separate from each other?
When did the French language start?
When did Ban Ki-moon receive the Medal of Civil Merit Award?
What is the reason for the burning of Notre Dame Church?
Who is the director of the Rotana satellite channel?
Has Mongolia ever been occupied by China?
Who is the author of Women’s Book: A Look at the Psychology of the Deep?
How many seasons was the program "Man Sayarbah Al-malyoon" which was presented by George Qirdahi?
How tall is the collar of the black necked stork?
How big is Puerto Rico?
Are industrial proteins harmful to health?
What is the population of Ukraine?
Why did Algeria refuse to participate in the invitation to the Arab summit?
How far is Pennsylvania from Los Angeles?
Who is the president of Indonesia in 2010?
Who is the prime minister in Yemen now?
Where was Jamal Ahmed Hamza Khashoggi buried?
In which year did the second Kashmir War take place?
When was the al-Qaeda branch in Yemen established?
What is the first Iranian movie work to discuss homosexuality?
Does the common cold affect the vocal cords?
When was the Italian parliament established?
Who is the founder of the Byzantine Empire?
Where did reggae music originate?
Are Christian nuns veiled?
When did Ian Fleming die?
How to reduce ocean pollution?
What is the slogan of the Communist Party?
Is Age of Empires game free?
When was the King Abdulaziz International Cultural Center established?
What are August Strindberg's most famous plays?
What is the emergency service number in Riyadh?
When was the first civilization in the city of Byblos?
Where was the writer Kate Chopin born?
Who is the physicist who invented the microwave oven?
How many children does the President Hafez al-Assad have?
Who killed the uncle of the Prophet Muhammad in the Battle of Uhud?
What is the population of India?
How big is Qatar?
What is the first newspaper that relied on the pictures?
Who is the first actor to play the "Joker" in the Batman series?
How many slums are there in Virginia?
Are you studying biomedical engineering at the University of Tripoli / Libya?
How long is the gestation period for the female dolphins?
Who was the most famous Lazio player when it was founded?
Where was Lurpak Butter founded?
When was the organization of the skull and crossbones established?
what are the different types of Diabetes ?
Is the name Africa derived from the old name Tunisia?
How many Arab women have won a medal in the Olympic Games?
When was Al-Aqsa Mosque built?
Who is the founder of the feminist movement?
Who is Rudolph Hess?
When was the Latin Church established in Aleppo?
Where is the headquarters of the United Nations Development Program?
How many medals did Algeria win in the 2012 Olympics?
In which year did Ernest Hemingway write The Old Man and the Sea?
Did Canopus operation succeed?
What is the aluminum atomic mass?
Who is the author of the book "After Israel"?
What is invisible light?
Is Shia considered a majority in Bahrain?
How fast is the American Tomahawk missile?
With whom did Turkey stand during the events of the World War?
When did the cartoonist James Gillray die?
How big is the Republic of Kiribati?
Where is the headquarters of the Society of (Internet Engineers Group) located?
What is the highest rank within the Saudi Air Force?
How many times has India been crowned World Cricket Championship?
Who made the Syrian revolution?
Was the former coach of the Egyptian national team, Hassan Shehata, a football player?
What is Al Buraq?
Is the glossopharyngeal nerve a sensory and motion nerve at the same time?
When was the movie "Valley of the Kings" released?
Is the user data packet protocol a routing information protocol?
When was solar thermal energy used to generate electricity?
What are the types of berries?
Do indigenous people in Australia have all citizenship rights?
Who is Anton Reicha?
What is the largest publishing press for Arabic books?
What is the longest river in China?
When was the Men's Health Magazine founded?
How big was ​​Andalusia during the rule of Muslims?
How did the Turks embrace Islam affect the balance of power in that time?
How many oases are there in Egypt?
When was the lawyer Walid bin Sami born?
What is legal corruption?
Is Christopher Columbus Portuguese?
Who is the father of Osman, the originator of the Ottoman Empire?
When was the Ibrahimi Mosque built in the city of Hebron?
Are there astringent muscles in the esophagus?
When was the mother of Mumtaz Begum Jehan Dehlavi born?
How many US states criminalize abortion?
What is the name of the first university in Andalusia?
Who is Jesus Christ?
When was the Japanese Shori Castle built?
How is the process of reminding palm trees?
What are recreational drugs?
What borders does Micronesia have to the west?
When was the movie Nosferatu shown?
What was Zaha Hadid's mother's favorite hobby?
How many German cities?
What is the most African country that the Nile River passes through its territory?
Can tea be grown in dry areas?
When was the birth of writer Kate Chopin?
When was Tyre city founded?
What is Electronic intelligence?
When was the National Society for Human Rights established?
Who is Saeed Hawa?
Who created the Nazi thought?
In which battle was Zubair bin Al-Awam killed?
When did the writer Kate Chopin die?
When was the first democratic elections held in Libya?
What are the most important monuments in the city of Kafri?
How Much did York Stadium Cost?
When did George Bethune English enroll in Harvard College?
When was Diyah Bin Musab Bin Al Asbagh born?
Who is the author of the book Islam and the crisis of the West?
What year was the Greek Empire established?
How big is India?
What is the second largest Ukrainian city in terms of population?
In which programming language was Google code written?
What is the benefit of the balance sheet?
When did Israel launch its first missile attack on Syria?
What is the difference between a jet passenger plane and a motorized plane?
Who founded the free orange state?
Was the scientist Ibn Abi Asi`a a specialist in medicine?
Where is the largest solar power plant in the world?
What is the difference between atomic physics and nuclear physics?
What is the name of the parents of Oedipus?
In what year was the movie "Shoeshiner" produced?
Where to get the client / server form in Sanaa?
Who put the glossary of "Almonjed" for language and names?
What is the daydream?
What are the most important means of performance evaluation?
Where is the largest nature reserve in the world?
How many types of Jews in the world?
How much is Nelly Furtado's annual income?
Does data compression happen through an advanced program that must be installed on a computer?
Is the Titanic movie realistic?
How can DNA be cloned?
Is the blackout real?
What is the largest continent?
What is the programming language used in the data bases?
What is Abadamak statue?
When was the UK Sky Network established?
How was Jesus Christ born?
When was Stephen Jay Gold's "Reflections in Natural History" published?
What does the word "Azerbaijan" mean?
How far is the city of Taroudant from Rabat?
Where are the Maran Mountains?
Who is the writer Trark?
What is the most silver producing country?
Where did Taqiuddin Shami die?
Who is the first UN envoy to Yemen after the 2011 youth revolution?
When was ISIS movement detected in Syria?
How can gender disorder be treated?
What is knowledge according to the Oxford English Dictionary?
Does questioning the credibility of scientific theory lead to the participation of scientific communication?
How long is the Hrazden River?
How many times did Chile win the Copa America Football Championship?
What is the oldest application for Microsoft?
What is the maximum depth of the ocean?
How old is the globe?
What is the Arabian Peninsula?
What university did Johannes Kepler attend?
What is the oldest mosques in Yemen?
When did pharmacology arise?
What is the number of verses of Surat Al-Naba?
How does the landline phone work?
Does cystatin help increase HDL?
How many chemistry sciences are there?
How far is Jerusalem from Cairo?
What is the acromial thoracic artery?
What was the first newspaper in Lebanon?
Who was the retired officer in the Israeli occupation army responsible for the massacre of the village of Kafr Qassem?
Does the Central Bank of Libya allow taking loans?
Who played Superman for the first time?
How many victims of the Salvadoran Civil War?
How to avoid excess satiety?
Is Toledo located on the coast?
Who is CE or Adobe?
When did the Baath Party fall?
How is the carnivorous bacteria transmitted to humans?
What are the oldest Egyptian universities?
When was El-Nahas pasha assassinated?
Who is the head of the Gibraltar Regional Government?
Where was Salah Imam born?
What are the profits of SpaceX in 2018?
To which company is the yellow color used for taxi cars for the first time?
Who brought Christianity to South Africa?
Where is the fin whale located?
How many victims were at the Pearl Harbor attack?
Does the big white shark feed on seaweed?
Who is called the King of Rai?
What is the first country to abolish the death penalty?
Is Saudi sheikhs misuse the legal provisions?
When was the song, Barbie Girl, released?
What is the natural sugar level in a person?
What is Istikhara prayer?
When did the Roman Empire originate?
Did medical development reduce mortality in Switzerland?
Where is the Damt volcanic bath?
What is the oldest online store?
Who is the president of South Korea now?
Who is the inventor of the first printing machine?
What is the cause of obsessive personality disorder?
When did Yemen participate in the Asian Football Cup for the first time?
What is the population of Bengal Muslims ?
What are the types of radio waves?
What is the closest Roman cities to the Hungarian border?
When was the PlayStation 4 Pro dialogue released?
How many religions are there in India?
How many years has Diego Forlan played with Atletico Madrid?
How old is the Earth?
Is eating eggs useful for kidney patients?
Who was the ruler of the Ikhchidid state?
What is the basis on which the Antonine Monasticism was built?
In what year did the Peace Fund Foundation originate?
Is there life after death ?
What is the largest Tunisian cities?
What is the first Kuwaiti city entered by the Iraqi army during the invasion of Kuwait?
Who is the Minister of Women in Syria?
When was the Salafi Nour Party established in Egypt?
What is the distance over the Taurus Mountains?
What is the official language of Canada?
Who performed Woody voice in the Arabic dubbing for Toy Story 3 movie?
When was the estate of Najaf established?
How many years did the Third Crusade last?
How many countries participated in the First World War?
When did Euclid die?
Who is the first Arab astronomer?
How to avoid laziness?
What is the annual period of the Zodiac?
How many sons of the American actor (Tom Cruise)?
When was the Nobel Prize for Literature established?
In what year was the Iraqi Baath Party established?
When was Ghafana negotiated?
In what year was the famous Neon Genesis Evangelion series released?
Who was the first to diagnose a case of kidney failure?
How many types of emphasis in the Arabic language?
What is the reason for the birth of the twin?
Who was the president of Arsenal Football Club in 2010?
How long is the penalty for rape in France?
Who is Simon Bolivar's husband?
How Baghdad fell in the hands of the Mongols?
What is the percentage of Berbers in Algeria?
How many principles are democracy based on?
Why is the Sumatran Panthera tigris considered to be a vulnerable species?
What is the largest tributary of the Mississippi River?
Was Descartes a proponent of the theory that animals have no lives?
When did the Ottomans enter Syria?
What is the best example of a vocabulary analyzer in computer science?
Are women's rights being violated in North Korea?
What is the average age of lions?
How many Internet devices are connected to the Internet?
Has the penalty for drug use been abolished in the Netherlands?
How many signs for sign language?
Who was ruling Italy before the Italian unification movement?
What is the main quantum number in atomic physics?
When was Wiz Air established?
When did the Spanish occupy South America?
Does human development address ethics?
When was the first manga magazine of the series, Neon Genesis Evangelion, printed?
When was the first IUD implant performed?
In which year was the Riyadh Hospital established?
How long has the Algerian independence war lasted?
Where was Bill Paxton born?
What are Enterprise resource planning systems?
When was the camera invented?
When was the series Argerel Resurrection released?
In what part is the Nile River called the White Nile?
How many languages ​​does Taqi al-Din Muhammad bin Marouf al-Shami speak?
How many countries overlooking the Red Sea?
Does the earlobe contain nerves?
Who is famous for singing the song Ya Mal Al-Sham in the modern era?
What is the mother of the bombs?
Who baptized Jesus Christ according to Christian belief?
Who is Miss World in 2018?
What is the effect of toxic industrial gases on animals?
When was Asus founded?
How big is a city?
Does intentional vomiting cause Chronic Wasting Disease?
How many Takbeers for Eid prayer?
How many risk factors are there in case of breast cancer?
What is the result of mixing yellow and red?
How did the Prophet Youssef become the king of Egypt?
What is the most dangerous snake in the world?
How many disadvantages of electronic medicine?
How far is New York City from California?
What is the largest city in Syria?
Where are the largest oil refineries in Libya?
When was Riyadh founded?
Was a medicine invented for Minamata disease?
When did South Africa participate for the first time in the African Cup of Nations for football?
When is blood clearance considered a treatment?
Who invented whiskey?
Does karma embody the idea of ​​the divine self and the body?
What is the average puberty age for females in Northern Europe?
Who is the head of the Sudanese government?
Does the tsetse fly have teeth?
How far is Banias the Syrian coastal city from Damascus?
Who is the leader of the pro-Russian Ukrainian separatist movement?
Is the Jawi Rhino an amphibian animal?
When did the bluetooth technique appear?
What language did Jesus "son of Mary" speak?
What are the oldest mosques in Morocco?
When was the Italian Senate established?
In which year was the novel published in 1984?
How many ancient Greek gods?
Who is the first recipient of the Nobel Peace Prize?
When was the Spanish Super Cup established?
What is the most important Christian holidays?
How big is the Indian Fort?
Where is the city of Tamerlane?
What is the logo of hospitals?
What are the symptoms of copper shortage in the body?
Who are the main characters in the series Valley of the Wolves?
Does insomnia lead to madness?
When did Hungary gain independence from Austria?
How many stars does the lion constellation have?
Is there oxygen on the surface of any of the planets of the solar system?
When was Yahoo! Mail established?
When was the last season of Star Academy launched?
What is the glossary of settings?
What is the military rank that President Abdel Fattah Al-Sisi held before he assumed power?
In what year did the battle of Banu Kabir took place?
What is the language of the ancient Egyptians?
Who invented the kite?
What is "carrier of disease"?
When was the Prophet Jesus "son of Mary" born?
Who is the first specialist doctor?
How many months are there in the Hijri year?
Who is the owner of the book Kalila wa Dimna?
How many years are there in a century?
Why was the old American West called the Wild West?
What is the density of beryllium?
Where was Abu al-Qasim al-Rafii al-Qazwini born?
Where are the shibam skyscrapers located?
What are the most famous examples of immoral experiences in the Soviet Union?
What are the three types of blood clots?
Who divided the land of Hijaz?
What does the title Hanifa mean?
When was the first participation of the American national football team in the World Cup?
Who is the first sultan to rule the Sultanate of Oman?
Who is the current president of Yemen?
When was the honorable Kaaba built?
Who is the hero of the Egyptian TV series, critical moments "Lahazat Harega"?
Who is the author of "Palestine: A Four Thousand Year History"?
How is the fabric treated?
When was the sage Alfonso the tenth born?
When did urban planning become famous?
Who is the founder of the Syrian newspaper Tishreen?
Why are Muslims sensitive to the subject of drawing the Prophet Muhammad and his companions?
In which city is Falkirk wheel?
When did the Ibadhi school appear?
How many paved roads that exit from Khartoum?
Who is most mentioned in the Quran?
What is the number of layers of the Earth's internal structure?
When did Fraser Stoddart win the King Faisal International Prize?
When was the fanatical women organization founded in Ukraine?
What is the economic term for excessive rise in the general level of prices?
How many official languages ​​are there in Pakistan?
Is Syria currently a fragile country?
What is the population of Afghanistan?
When did Maria Eileen Cantwell die?
Who discovered Uberon’s moon of Uranus?
What is the percentage of homosexuals compared to non-homosexuals people in the United States of America?
When did Cyprus participate in the European Football Cup for the first time?
What is musical intelligence?
What is the distance between Qatif and Mecca?
What is the minimum mean air pressure for Florence Hurricane?
When were the American forces withdrawn from Iraq?
When was the Samanid state founded?
Is eating blood forbidden in Islam?
How much is the maximum weight of the male African lion?
When did the Lassa virus appear for the first time?
Does paraplegia last for life?
Where does the food desert lie?
Is Syria one of the countries that recognized the independence of Abkhazia?
What is a person who speaks many languages called?
Who is the founder of the Instagram network?
What is the average length of an anaconda snake?
When did South Africa proclaim its independence?
What is the third largest city in the United States of America?
When was Princess Basma Bint Talal appointed as the Goodwill Ambassador?
When did the actor Heath Ledger die?
Does omega 3 help to boost memory?
When did Georgia participate in the FIFA World Cup for the first time?
What is the first mobile phone equipped with a back camera?
Why does modern Islam prohibit chess?
When was the Department of Sociology established at the University of Damascus?
Is Zachary Efron single?
What is the average sugar concentration in oranges?
What is the mortality rate from cancer in Tunisia in 2014?
When did the Libyan revolution take place?
Where is the Karnak temple?
From which city did Buddhism begin?
What is the art of arabesque?
How many Muslims were there in the Battle of Uhud?
Where is Giment museum located?
How did the stone age end?
How many civilizations have appeared in the Levant region?
How many Arab countries that were not affected by the Arab Spring?
Is the system of collective equality in Marxism effective?
When was MoneyGram established to transfer money?
How high is the city of Baghdad above the sea?
What are CNC machines?
What is the weight of the zebrafish shield?
When did director Steve Anderson die?
What is the category of children that suit them the home education method?
Is the nucleus of the globe made of flame?
What is the tallest skyscraper in the world?
Is the mass of a neutron greater than the mass of a proton?
How many countries included in the Levant?
Can plants grow in the absence of sunlight?
Where did Harold Wilson Die?
When was the electric water heater invented?
Who is the American military commander who decided atomic bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki?
How big are the Republic of Finland?
When did the Safavids rule Baghdad?
How did the Grand Theft Auto game keep it's fame for more than 10 years?
When was Surah Al-Haqa revealed?
What is the function of the cerebellum?
What is the nationality of the actor who played the role of (John Snow) in the series "Game of Thrones"?
How did Avici die?
Who is the scientist who managed to reveal the three-dimensional structure of hemoglobin?
How many times did John Cena win the WrestleMania Championship?
Can genetics be used to enhance human capabilities?
Who was the first president of Sudan after its independence?
Is Onager species used in agriculture?
When was the first ritual play performed?
Are there laws to protect people with special needs in Yemen?
How long did the rule of the Republic of Venice last?
What is the maximum punishment for rape in American law?
what is the country attributed to the first unmanned vehicle landed on the moon?
When did Latifa Al-Qaoud become a member of the Bahraini Parliament?
Who is the first Abbasid caliph?
When was the Nasserist Unionist People's Party founded in Yemen?
Did Saint Paul convert to Christianity in Damascus?
When did the Canaanite civilization fall?
Are pesticides considered a danger to human life?
When was Hala Shukrallah born?
How long did the rule of Diocletian last?
Who is the founder of the Femen movement?
Who has put the foundations for programmed production?
What is the largest mosque of Uzbekistan?
How many times has the Indian team been crowned the Cricket World Championship?
How many islands belonging to Italy?
How long is the coast of the United States on the Pacific Ocean?
What is the largest possible storage capacity for a CD?
What is the first Maronite church in Lebanon?
In which year did Spain recover its lands from the Muslims?
Who said: "Ideas have wings and they fly to their owners"?
How many doctrinal studies?
Who was the representative of the Muslim Brotherhood for the year 2006?
When will the first Islamic military hospital be established?
Who carried out the massacres against the indigenous people of South America?
How many types of frost are there?
How big is the Caucasus Mountains?
What is the name of the mental illness attributed to Oedipus?
Who is the first Taiwanese president?
What is the first stadium in the Arabian Gulf?
Who laid the foundations of mind philosophy?
Is the Spanish Parliament the ruling authority in Spain?
Is plant fertilizer extracted from phosphate?
How much did building Burj Khalifa in Dubai cost?
How many infantry does the Egyptian National Army have?
When was the creation of the first Emirati artificial island?
How much is the city of Agadir contributing?
Who owns the Commodore brand rights?
What is the largest city in England?
Who is the fodder creator?
In which year was Constantinople established?
Does a Tunisian citizen deserve a visa to enter the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia?
When did the scientist Richter die?
What is the largest country in terms of area in Europe?
Who is the President of the US National Security Council now?
Where did master Qimni learn?
When was the city of Rashid established?
What is the Egyptian city of Taba famous for?
How old was Queen Isabelle the second when she assumed the throne?
When was the first edition of Schönen Magazine published?
How many teeth does an adult have?
Who was the prime minister of Scotland in 2019?
Which club in Tunisia won the double the most?
How far is the Saudi province of Jubail from Medina?
Can heroin addiction be treated?
Is Istanbul the capital of Turkey?
Does Israel own the strongest banks in the world?
Who is the fifth president of the United States of America?
What is the name of the British Prime Minister who was the successor of Theresa May?
What was John Hay known for?
How tall is Amy Lou Adams?
Who is the governor of Baniyas City?
Is hating women a mental disease?
What is the census of population of Luxembourg City?
In which year did Philosopher Michel Foucault visit Iran?
In which year did India ratify the Biological Weapons Convention?
How many old Roman gods were there?
When was the anime series Nausicaä of the Valley of the Wind released?
What are the most important tourist attractions in the republic of Kazakhstan?
What is the official language in North Africa?
What is the name of the first company that produced Japanimation?
Where is Arsuf Castle located?
When was the Assyrian civilization established?
What is 'inactive memory'?
Where was the biggest gathering of Christians in Africa during the time of Byzantine Empire?
When were bulletproof vests invented?
What is the official language of the Samanid Empire?
What is Banha, the Egyptian city, famous for?
When was the book entitled 'Muhammad' by Mustafa Mahmoud released?
When were cancer cells invented?
How did Iran change to a Muslim country?
In which era was the Library of Pergamon established?
Is there a founder of Yakuza?
What is the musical instrument did Richard Wagner use?
Who is the commander of RSNF?
What is the most famous film of Audrey Hepburn's?
when were Palm Islands in Dubai established?
Why are biological products sold for extreme prices?
When was the Turkish Football Association established?
When was the Supreme Court of the United States established?
Was filming the Japanese manga serious Attack on Titan finished?
How many cities are there in Yemen?
When was the franchise of Neon Genesis Evangelion written?
Who discovered the antivenom?
How many species of Felidae are there?
What is the average annual income for an individual in Belarus?
When was the first ship for carrying passengers made?
What does "mountain" mean in Python?
When was the first WrestleMania competition held?
What is the social structure of a family?
What was the biggest church in the world till 2010?
How many beds are there in a myringa?
What is Freiburg im Breisgau?
What are the exercises of boosting memory?
Who developed 'Civilizations' game?
How many Christian denominations are there?
What is the first university in Al-Andalus?
How many countries does the Rhyne River cross?
How does the IQ system work?
Is it possible to learn surfing in the city of Sharm al-Sheikh?
Who was the first Rashidun Caliph?
Who founded the Royal Academy of Turku in Finland?
What was the population of Scotland in 2019?
Who is the singer of the song (Ammi Mansour Al-Nadjar)?
How many joints are there in a human body?
Can a human survive with one lung?
When was the first batch of the Russian 2K12 Kub produced?
When did Ali Salem al Beidh serve as the General Secretary of the Yemeni Socialist Party in South Yemen?
When did the wrestler Hulk Hogan retire?
Where did Ghandi live?
Who was the first Shah of Iran?
When did China launch their first space ship into space?
How many visitors visit Yellowstone National Park annually?
What is the benefit of gravity waves on Earth?
Who the first wife of Prophet Muhammad peace be upon him?
How old is Ananda Temple?
What is the name of the longest river in Russia?
What is the capital of the Roman Empire?
When was the film 'Split' released?
When was Dian Fossey born?
Can a kangaroo swim?
When was the first mosque built in Europe?
Does the United Nations Development Programme include fighting economic corruption?
When did Prophet Muhammad go on Isra and Mi'raj?
What is the longest animal?
What are the most rice-exporting countries?
How can a strong local economy be created?
What is the biggest country producing silver?
Why did France try to take Blidet Amor's inhabitants out from their hometown?
Who stole the first symbol of the World Cup?
What does it mean "someone who acquires the disease"?
How far is the city of Tyre from the capital Beirut?
How many verses (Ayahs) are there in Al-Bayenah Surah?
Is Islam a hostile religion?
What are neural mechanisms?
What nationality is Alicia Keys?
Who is the President of Greenland?
What is the normal weight of liver inside the body?
Why does the Kurdistan Region demand to separate from Iraq?
When was Iceland discovered?
What is the chemical formula of MDMA?
How high is Big Ben?
What is the frequency of Gama Ray?
What is the name of the largest Algerian state in area?
When was the first season of the series Valley of the Wolves released?
What is the biggest shopping centre?
When was the Palestinian politician Said al-Sabeh murdered?
Who is usually responsible for psychological abuse?
In what year did SETI project receive a signal from outside the Earth (called Wow! signal)?
When was Gardner Fox born?
Why do Christians insist that Muhammad is not the last prophet sent by Allah?
When did Christianity spread in Greece?
When was the first use of herbal medicines?
When was a cure for syphilis discovered?
What is the stem of the verb "Sahhaha"?
When did Sasanian Iranians invade Syria?
Who is the founder of Mamluk Sultanate?
What is the fastest spread religion in the world?
Where was the Kingdom of Navarre founded?
What is the lowest point in the Democratic Republic of the Congo?
Did Jamal Khashoggi work for Washington Post?
How far is Kifri, the Iraqi town, from Kirkuk Governorate?
How many pyramids are there in Giza?
How many are there in the Israel Army Forces?
When did the Spice Girls group form?
What is the first protein do mammals excrete on mating?
What is the name of the sound of the sperm whale?
How much is the People's Republic of China's annual average production of paper?
How old is Judaism?
What does the cerebellum consist of?
What are the rules of the chess game?
How was the woman's role in Europe in the Middle Ages?
When was Hotbird Satellite launched?
Where is the Euro currency printed?
Does the Anonymous seek not to appear in any picture?
Is Google monitored by the Committee for Accuracy pro Israel?
How does porphyria infection happen?
Where did Ghulam Reda Khan Ibn Hussein live?
Who is the woman who served as an ambassador in the history of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia?
What are the parts of a neuron?
Where was Abu Abdullah Hamoud al-Aqla al-Shu'aybi buried?
How long are the borders between Syria and Palestine?
When was the Australian constitutional crisis over?
For how many years did the Abbasid Caliphate continue?
When was Waseem Al-Khoury born?
When was Harley Davidson Company founded?
How are the relations between Iraq and Palestine in the year 2007?
How many vertebrae are there in the spine of a pigeon?
Who invented the sandwich?
How can large amounts of wheat be produced without excess use of insecticides?
Who is the founder of the integral theory?
Is Russia among the list of countries with the fewest debts in the world?
Is marijuana made from hemp?
Who is the founder of capitalism?
Is there a substance that helps build cells?
When was the electric guitar invented?
Does asperger syndrome affect the Integrity of mind?
When did the first war break out in Gaza Strip?
Where is the largest lake in Austria located?
How many regions are there in Spain?
How many members are there in the German Parliament?
Who is the first head of the United Nations Development Programme?
What is the population of Baggara Group in North Africa?
How many episodes are there in the first season of Seinfeld series?
When did Russia get involved in the war in Syria?
Is Gender identity an exaggerated principle?
How long should you take a rest from watching a TV screen?
What is prolactin?
What is the first electronic school?
What are the most common examples of civil resistance in Egypt?
What is the most famous song of John Cena?
What is the first painting of William-Adolphe Bouguereau?
What is the African country with the largest population?
What is the reason behind the sinking of the ship in the Bermuda area?
Were biological weapons used in the Second World War?
What other sports did Michael Jordan play?
What is the e-portal of Sana'a University in Yemen?
Who is Al-Walid Bin Yazid?
How many of the British forces were in the Battle of the Nile?
Who is the President of Australia?
Where was the first regular daily newspaper found?
Who is the first Umayyad poet?
What is the country with the most floods in the world?
How much revenue did Sony Company gain from God of War video game?
When was the first book by Abdullah Al-Sheikh Mohammed issued?
What is the feminine third-person Ta'a?
Where was Ahmed Djemal Pasha born?
What is the nationality of Gordon Allport, the psychologist?
When was Kinsey Institute established?
When was the Algerian army established?
Who is the first Lebanese President?
Who is the current Iraqi Prime Minister?
What is the first book by Muhammad Ibrahim Bin Muhammad Abdullah Bin Nour Muhammad Bin Eissa Al-Hassani?
When was laser invented?
What is mild intestinal obstruction?
When was renewed energy used for electricity generation?
What is al-Mizweyya?
Is weakness or fatigue a symptom of parotitis epidemical?
Is Jordan a member in the United Nations Security Council?
Do you study bachelor of physics in Florida University?
When did dental cap installation first start?
Can gestational trophoblastic disease be avoided?
What is the registered maximum speed of a hurricane?
What is the first civilization in Jordan?
What are the dangers of attention-deficit hyperactivity disorder in the elderly?
What is the largest river on the Atlantic coast of the United States?
When did Russia get involved in the conflict in Syria?
Is it possible for the Renaissance Dam to contribute to decreasing Egypt and the Sudan's shares of the Nile water?
How can a large amount of data be dealt with?
Where is Algeria located?
Are humiliating jokes considered aspects of sexual harassment?
When was Jumanji film released?
When was the first rocket launched in space?
What is the reason behind Charlie Hebdo shooting?
When did cowboys live in North America?
Who invented the gun?
What is the first comic work in the American cinema?
How old is Al Rasheed Street in Baghdad?
When did Pope Cyril IV die?
Will same-sex marriage lead to the extinction of mankind?
Who is the President of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar?
Who embodied the first Batman in film?
Is the end of the Umayyad Caliphate considered a beginning of the golden age of Islam?
Where does Kabul River stem from?
In which year was the Syrian film, "Identity", produced?
What language is spoken in Bulgaria?
Who is the director of the first Harry Potter movie?
What does the human brain consist of?
When did Apple release their first desktop computer?
Who is the director of the anime seriers "Dear Brother"?
When was the Arabs' first attempt to unite?
Who was the first Iraqi President who took charge immediately after the Saddam Hussein's fall?
Who did the maneuvers of Operation Harpoon in 1942?
Who is the current governor of Madaba Governorate?
What is the explosive area of the nuclear bomb?
When did Ali Daei, the footballer, retire?
How many teeth does Anaconda Snake have?
Why do Intelligence ratios differ in humans?
How many lacrimal glands does a human have?
When is the World Jewish Congress held?
When did Battle of Uhud happen?
Who is the hero of the Turkish series the 'Shooter'?
When was Muhammad IbnAbd Allāh born?
How many seasons does Ginga Sengoku Gun'yūden Rai have?
What is the biggest reptile animal?
What is the model of planetary motion?
Does low red blood cell count lead to man's death?
How long did Mamluk Sultanate last?
Why is doctors' handwriting bad?
What language does Abu Ali al-Hassan Ibn Masud Ibn Muhammad use?
Who released the Spanish Black Legend to discredit Spain?
What is the average of poverty in the world in 2011?
When was the Islamic Consultative Assembly founded in Iran?
What is the average of the blind in England?
When did Iceland join the European Union?
What is the most famous medical journal in Britain?
Do sound cards usually change a digital into an analog convertor?
When did Sir Alexander Chapman Ferguson manage Manchester United Club?
Who invented statins?
Where is child labour famous?
How strong is a tortoiseshell?
Who first diagnosed the coronary artery disease case?
Who was the first Abbasi governor of Egypt?
What is the official language in Turkmenistan?
When was the International Mathematical Union established?
Who is the thirty-second president of the United States?
Can gay people live safely in Turkey?
In which verse of Mariam Surah was the miracle of Yahia's birth mentioned?
Where is the headquarter of the Taiwanese Asus company located?
What does a heat pump consist of?
When was the Manchurian Candidate film released?
Is it fair to force female minors to get married?
What is the area of Adana City?
How far is Salfit, the Palestinian town, from Jerusalem?
What is the name of the first ship?
Who is the messenger who received scrolls from God?
Is respecting gay people's rights an aspect of political alignment?
What is the team who won the CAF Champions League the most?
What is the capital of Azerbaijan?
Who was the governor of Spain in 1455 AD?
Who is the writer of the series of "Jareemat Shaghaf"?
When did Adly Mansour serve as President of the Supreme Constitutional Court in Egypt
What is the highest temperature in the city of São Paulo in summer?
What is the biggest country in Eastern Europe?
When was Peninsular War in Spain over?
When was Lucky Luke Magazine founded?
What is the largest mountain chain in Saudi Arabia?
Where was the Third Zionist Congress held?
How many majors are taught in Frankfurt University?
Who is Isma'il Ibn Ja'far?
Is the onager one of the species that are about to be in danger of extinction?
Is United Arab Emirates an oil-exporting country?
Is Aleppo considered the economic capital of Syria?
How many countries are there in the Middle East?
When was the first Premier League that Sheffield Wednesday Football Club won?
How many countries speak Arabic as their official language?
How long did the First Crusade continue?
Did Turkey take part in invading Iraq?
What is the name of the first printed newspaper in the world?
When was Hannibal Gaddafi kidnapped from Syria?
Who is the first female defense minister in India?
Has man coexisted with dinosaurs?
Where did the fugitive Tunisian President refuge after the Tunisian revolution?
Is gas found in Saudi Arabia?
What is the area of Najd Hill?
What are the nearest Hungarian cities to the borders of Austria?
What is the organ in a cell that is called the "House of Energy"?
When did America take over Alaska?
How many results does an intelligence test have?
Where is the largest Buddhist temple?
Is Euro accepted in Bulgaria?
Who is the US President who got involved in Gulf war?
To which governorate does the city of Ab Bar belong?
What does the name of Israfil mean?
What is the maximum number of days can a man survive without drinking water?
Can a baby be born with two different colours of eyes?
Why does Aurora form?
Why was Muhammad Morsi accused of betrayal?
What is the name of the eagle used in the logos of the United States of America?
How many countries are there in Scandinavia?
Does deep cleaning cause damage of the teeth?
When did education become compulsory in Kuwait?
What is the official currency of Eritrea?
Who is the founder of the Islamic religion?
Did France keep their language in their previous colonies through cultural colonization?
How long did Persian Empire last?
How far is the city of Sohag from Cairo?
What is the first commercial airline?
Can women go on pilgrimage to al-Kaʿbah al-Musharrafah?
Who is the most famous stage actor/actress in Egypt in the year 1930?
How many teeth are there in the mouth?
What is the best university teaching medicine in London?
What is the tallest mountain peak in Iraq?
What is the most famous play of Shakespeare?
When was the series of The Simpsons first displayed?
Where is the headquarter of the United Nations Development Programme?
Is Dactinomycin a medicine that relieves melanoma?
What is the reason of racial discrimination in the United States of America in the late nineteenth century?
When was the last match played by Park Ji-sung for Manchester United Club?
What is the capital of the Akkadian Empire?
How high is Holland from the Earth's surface?
When was the character of the 'Ant-Man' innovated?
Where is the memory centre found in the brain?
Can a woman reach the position of president in Lebanon?
When did Sheikh Yusuf al-Qaradawi take the role of head of the International Union of Muslim Scholars?
What is the area of Al-Jawf Region in Saudi Arabia?
When was the Book of Misers by Al-Jahiz first translated?
Who is the founder of Zaidism?
When was the story of "For Esmé—with Love and Squalor" written?
What are the three kinds of sterilization?
What is Netherlands?
Does filming scenes use a background with the green or blue colour in Hollywood films?
How many times did England win the Cricket World Cup?
How long has the Egyptian Youth Revolution last?
Why did God order Mary, mother of Jesus not to talk to people during her pregnancy of Jesus?
Is the Eurasian jay in danger of being extinct?
What are the most rare species of felidae?
Who is the founder of "Doctors without Borders" Association?
Is the horse one of the animals which are highly intelligent?
What is a preemptive war?
How many of the Chinese astrology are there?
When did Lord Voldemort die?
Who is the scientist who is considered the first researcher in electricity?
How many countries are members of Union of South American Nations?
Where are the Hanging Gardens of Babylon located in Iraq?
How long is the sperm whale?
In which Syrian governorate is Ras al-Bassit located?
When did Abd al-Karim Qasim take the role of president of Iraq?
What is the name of a lion's child?
When did Whitey Bulger die?
What is the view of theistic religions of homosexuality?
Who was the first president of Italy after the Second World War?
When does menopause in women start?
What is the name of the first female who took the role of President of Indonesia?
Why did Pope John Paul II change his name?
Who is the World Football Cup striker over all of the time?
When was the Sudanese Ba'ath Party founded?
When did Nazi Germany conquer Belgium?
Where are Tiran and Sanafir Islands located?
When was the first constitution approved in Australia?
Is the preparation of the proposed budget one of the basic administrative jobs?
Who discovered Roquefort Cheese?
How many individuals were in the modern Egypt Army when it was founded?
How many people are affected by technological unemployment?
Who was the first woman in Tunisia?
Are there side effects of consuming nootropics?
When was the Association of Women's Rights formed?
Who is the first Sultan of Oman?
In which year did the Battle of Inab happen?
Does adolescence include physiological transformations?
Who is the founder of almoravid dynasty?
What was Muhammad Ali Pasha famous for?
What is the most of the most expensive painting done by Vincent van Gogh?
Does the United Nations Development Programme include fighting starvation?
Who is the director of the film Saw 1?
When was Justice and Development Party established in Turkey?
When did the first commercial flight take place?
What is the Evolution Theory?
How much is the annual income of the European Aeronautic Defense and Space Company?
What is the area of Asmara?
Who is the current governor of Oran?
How long did the Phoenician civilization last in Syria?
Who said, "Politics is the art of what is possible"?
Who is the first Arabian doctor who did an autopsy?
Who is the person who took the first real picture of the Black Hole?
How many sons did Isaac Newton have?
What is the population of Bosnia and Herzegovina?
How is copper formed naturally?
How many countries share borders with Oman Sultanate?
How many countries is Mexico bounded by?
Is compromising personal accounts over the internet Criminalized in France?
What is the area that separates Asia from Africa?
When did the wrestler Lita die?
Who is the writer of the book "Ab Urbe Condita Libri"?
How can we limit noise pollution?
How did the United States conquer Puerto Rico?
When was Judaism religion established?
When was Bayt Mahsir Municipality founded?
Where is the oldest Arabian library found?
Who is the actor who appeared the most in the scenes of the American series "Friends"?
Who are the two parties who fought in the Battle of Marj Dābiq?
When was Dubai TV founded?
What is the capital of Illinois State?
What is the first movie of Harrison Ford's?
When was Pope Francis born?
What gas is found the most on the moon?
What does an e-portal technically mean?
When were the Ottoman expulsed from Hungary?
How many are the victims of the Holocaust genocide?
Who is the founder of Brussels ISIL terror cell?
What is the population of Greenwich City?
What is the history of the first film done by the actor (Russell Crowe)?
Who is the actor who played the role of Dumbledore in Harry Potter film series?
Who was the last Rashidun Caliph?
How many teeth does an adult have?
When did the Battle of Lake Trasimene take place?
How many years was Safinaz Zulficar queen of Egypt?
When was John Brown born?
Is 'Moral' subject taught in the school syllabus in Tunisia?
What are Bechara Boutros al-Rahi's political views?
How many parties took part in the Battle of Ras al-Ayn?
What is the name of the party does the British politician Jeremy Corbyn belong to?
In which city was actress Mona Zaki born?
At what degree does water boil?
Is polyadenitis one of the infectious diseases?
Does practicing sports reduce weight?
When was Israel Academy of Sciences established?
Is Ali Ibn Abi Talib one of ten with glad tidings of paradise?
Is it possible to dispense with oil in producing energy?
What is the area of Australia?
Is ataxia–telangiectasia syndrome an infectious disease?
What is the English team that won the UEFA Champions League the most?
What nationality is the writer Colette Khoury?
Do you study bachelor of physics in Sorbonne University in Paris?
What is the nationality of Harold Lasswell, the political scientist?
Does the disk cause pain in legs?
How many cities are called Damascus in the United States?
Who is the writer who arabicized "The Prophet", a book by Jubran Khalil Jubran?
What are the most famous works of Duraid Lahham?
Did Saudi Arabia support the axis powers in the Second World War?
What are the nutritions that help strengthen muscles in the human body?
What is the biggest city in Serbia?
How can the female northern mockingbird distinguished?
How many calendar years did Scientist Jabir Ibn Hayyan live?
When was the first chess game in history registered?
When was Martin Seligman born?
What is the nationality of Charles Lyell, the lawer and geologist?
Are there birds that can fly backwards?
Why do hurricanes have feminine names?
What does the word Taghril mean?
From what language is the word "Anthropology" derived?
How old was Prophet Muhammad when he received Wahy?
Who are the oldest peoples in the world?
What the atomic mass of Uranium element?
Are the Africans the largest foreign community in France?
Who is the best striker ever in the Kuwaiti national football team?
What is the average of smoking underage children in Yemen in the year 2010?
What is the Republic of Macedonia borded by to the south?
When was laptop computer invented?
What part of the brain is responsible for long-term memory?
Who designed C++?
How big is the Moroccan Desert?
What is Sheikh Yusuf al-Qaradawi accused of in Egypt?
What is the theory of Edward Wadie Said Monther?
What was the Capital of Arab Tourism in 2014?
What is the average salary for men in Canada in 2018?
How many writings does Younis Saleh Bahri al-Jubouri have?
How many Jewish organizations oppose the Israeli behavior?
Who was the leader of Japan's attack in the Battle of Midway?
When was the first transgender surgery performed?
What is the first American state that has authorized same-sex marriage?
Where is Tigris River located in Iraq?
How many victims did the Spanish occupation of South America have?
What are the vibrations that a oscilloscope display?
How long does it take for food to travel from mouth to stomach?
Who is the best striker in Trabzonspor Club?
When was the first severe hepatic insufficiency diagnosed?
When was H&M company established?
Who is ranked as the first top female tennis player?
What is the biggest hospital in France?
Does marital rape done by husbands only?
How many clubs did Hassan Shehata, the former coach of the Egyptian team, train?
How many verses (Ayahs) are there in Al-Tahreem Surah?
What is the religion that prohibits eating meat?
How can water be found in a desert?
Who was the first emperor for the Roman Empire?
Who discovered the magnetic field?
What is the penalty for rape in France?
When was the Green Flag High School for Girls in Libya founded?
Where was fire worshipped in the year 480 BC?
What is the company which produces the franchise of Halo video games?
What is the average age of the song sparrow?
How long did correspondence last between Jubran Khalil Jubran and Mai Ziadeh?
How often do Christians fast in a year?
Who was the first Lebanese President?
What does yeast do?
When was the Ashʿarite School established?
What is the language spoken in Belgium?
Is high education for free in the United States?
What was the average of cotton production in Egypt in 2018?
Who is the scientist who discovered the nutation of the Earth's axis?
When was the publisher Jonathan Cape founded?
How long did the Arabs govern Spain?
Why does the phenomenon of calcification happen?
What is the biggest river in Asia?
When was the first vaccination for malaria used?
Who was the governor of Aden during Muhammad's lifetime (peace be upon him)?
How many cities are mentioned in the Quran?
What is the percentage of economic growth in Georgia in 2018?
Does parasitism include invertebrates?
Why do humans like fabricating wars?
Are hurricanes deadly?
How many Madagascar recipes are there?
What the name of the Turkish player Mesut Ozil's wife?
When was the Zuberi nation established?
Can homosexuals get married in Lebanon?
How far is New Zealand from Australia?
To what country do Andaman and Nicobar Islands belong to?
How many compounds does stool consisit of?
Does Parkinson's disease affect children?
Who is the first Arab member of the the Israeli Knesset?
Who built the  Umayyad Mosque?
What is the capital of the Republic of Namibia and its biggest city?
When was the Paraguay national football team established?
When was the British Parliament established?
What is the largest state of the Baltic States?
Which city in Kurdistan has oil in it?
When was the British occupation of Egypt?
How far away is the closest solar system?
When was Bilal Ibn Rabah born?
Where is Catalonia?
Which year did the Egyptian scientist Ahmed Zewail move to work for California Institute of Technology?
Is the vegetable compost used to grow seeds?
Who established the Zirid dynasty?
For how many days can the camel stay alive without drinking water?
Is necrotizing fasciitis a viral infection?
In which year did the Pope annul  the denial of the Italian scientist Galileo?
In which Caliph era was the Basra city established?
Who started the saying, "Forewarned is forearmed"?
Who was leading the Axis Powers in World War II?
For how long did Salah Aldin Al Ayoubi rule?
In which year did the first edition of The Egyptian Culture magazine get issued?
Is Gasoline gas explosive?
Does the Deneb star see with the naked eye?
For how long did the prophet Jesus Christ live?
When was the Last King of Scotland movie released?
How many times did Al-Ahly Sporting Club win the Egyptian Tournament?
Was the lady Fayrouz given the key of Las Vegas as a tribute to her?
Who is responsibe for humans rights breaches in Chechnya?
What is the time difference between Mali and Greenwich?
What is the biggest football club in Europe?
What was the average number of tourists coming to Egypt in 2011?
Who wrote the novel "Fear"?
What is David Hume's most important work?
When did Belgium join the European Union?
Where is the biggest vineyard in the world?
Which country generates electricity from solar thermal power the most?
Who is Samiri?
What was the growth rate in Vietnam in 2018?
How many civilizations occupied Syria?
Can we do without oil?
Where does Skagerrak strait lie?
Who is the leader of the Soviet army in the Battle of Stalingrad?
What nutrients do muscles feed on?
Which African country hosted the World Cup first?
Does the Crimean crisis still persist?
Who is the 43rd president of the United States?
How long is the human's throat?
What is the average annual mortality rate  due to guerrilla wars in Columbia?
How many standard terms are there in legislative terms?
What are the risks of genetically modified food?
How many Kaabas were there before Islam?
Who is Sheikh Abdulrahman Bin Hamd Bin Fawzan's wife?
When was the American actress Jane Fonda born?
Who did the second voice of Snowball in The Simpsons?
Who is the martyr of divine love?
Where was the Carolingian Empire?
What are the agricultural policies in Saudi Arabia?
When was the Ozone Hole discovered?
Who is the first prime minister of Iraq?
Where are the Bani Bahlool tribes?
How long is the borderline between Poland and Czech Republic?
Can the human being live with one kidney?
What is the diameter of the black hole?
Who  developed modern biology?
When did the Abbasid Caliphate end?
How many conditional verb forms are there?
What is the most dangerous martial art?
How long was the Wounded Knee Massacre?
What is the ratio of tar in one cigarette?
What is God's land sea?
When was the Orthodox Coptic Church of Egypt established?
Who is the eighteenth president of the United States?
What is the biggest city in Kentucky?
For how long did David Cameron remain in his position?
What is the penalty for computer hacking in france?
What is the first movie that was produced by the American network HBO?
What was the finishing move of The Undertaker?
What is the average apartment rent price for one night in Berlin?
Where does Abu Sayyaf Group operate?
When was the United Nations Development Programme launched?
How much were the oil reserves recorded in Kuwait in 2016?
What is the melting point of calcium oxide?
How many Islamic schools are there?
What is the nationality of the late militant Che Guevara?
When was The Falkirk Wheel built?
How high is Guatemala above sea level?
How far is Gaberoun Oasis from the city of Sabha in Libya?
How many Emirati states lie on the Trucial Coast?
When did Russia start to import the first S-400 air-missile system to Turkey?
Is there a difference in size between human  brains?
What is the oldest city in Palestine?
How does the fission process happen?
Is vegetable compost used to grow palm trees?
Who are El-Haggana?
Where was the poet Carl Sandburg born?
What is the environmental racism?
Do tutles have a hearing sense?
What is the percentage of Christains in the current decade?
How many times did Real Madrid win the UEFA Champions League?
How many countries are bordering Caucasus Mountains?
Do Egyptian schools serve school food to students?
Where was Daheya Ibn Mesaab Ibn El-Asbagh born?
In which mosque did Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi give his first speech after the declaration of the Islamic state (ISIS)?
Which company produced Animaniacs cartoon?
When was the movie Batman Begins featured on MBC?
How many victims are there to the Zodiac Killer?
Who discovered the genetic code in humans?
What is the census of Zanzibar?
Who is the best player in Barcelona Club in 2019?
Who is the singer of "Shat Eskenderia"?
Who is Cambyses I?
Who is the first elected president of South Korea?
Does Game of Thrones contain any pornographic scenes?
Is military ruling system successful in ruling a country?
Who was the last
Where is Al Zir Salim grave?
Can stool be green?
When did James Allen discover the presence of radiation belts around the earth?
Whre was the first Atari game released?
What is the daily average mortality rate due to wars in the world?
Who is the first Arab researcher in sociology?
What is the first book of Ibrahim Elfiky?
Who is the author of the book Ameen Rihani?
What is the first video clip for Fairuz?
When did the Colombian Paulina Vega the Miss World title?
Who is the first British Governor in Iraq?
When was Angela Merkel born?
How can women and men be eqaual in the Arab World?
Where was Pierre-Paul born?
What is the census of Transylvania?
Who founded the principles of the Syrian education system?
Do autistic people have supernatural powers?
For how long did the fifth Abassid Caliph Abu Ja'far Harun Ibn Muhammad Al-Mahdi Ibn Abi Ja'far al-Mansur rule?
Where was Tanyus Shahin Saadeh buried?
How vast is Denmark?
Is the movie (The Shawshank Redemption) based on a true story?
Does eating too much salt cause diabetes?
In what year was the French movie "The Chorus" produced?
Who is the fifth caliph of the Umayyad dynasty?
How high is Mosque of Ibn Tulun?
How many planets are there in our solar system?
Is CO2 sequestration considered safe?
When was David Ricardo, the developer of the classical theory of comparative advantage in economy, born?
When did the United Nations Population Fund become operational?
Where was Edmund Evans buried?
How many times did the wrestler The Undertaker win WrestleMania competition?
How did Hamza ibn Abdul-Muttalib die?
Where did Al-Farabi die?
What is the biggest mosque in El Madena El Menawara?
Who passed the civil rights act in Tunisia?
How many minarets are there in Al-Aqsa Mosque?
Does the cell nucleus float inside the blood plasma?
What is the novel that Naguib Mahfouz won the Nobel Prize in Literature for?
Who is the mayor of Manila?
What are the most popular works of Sayyid Qutb?
Is Karramiyya considered a pillar of faith in Islam?
How did the Black Legend affect the Imperial rule in Spain?
When did professional wrestling start?
What is the official currency in Hungary?
Who is the president of Yemen in 2019?
What is the largest island in Europe?
Why isn't Europe a tourist destination anymore?
Who does the reviews in Wikipedia?
Who is the leader of the Egyptian army in October War?
What is the largest Yemeni city, in terms of area?
What is the size of the Peregrine falcon male?
When did the Battle of Ras al-Ayn end?
Who is the third caliph of the Fatimid Caliphate?
What is the largest casualty number due to the hurricane?
When was the cloud-based storage system invented?
How many verses of the Qur'an are there?
How to deal with autistic people?
When did Kuwait participate in Footbal World Cup competitions?
For how many years did Henry play for the English Arsenal team?
What are the cities of the West Bank?
Why was Julian Assange imprisoned?
When is Laylat al-Qadr?
What is the difference between clinical science and applied science?
What is a religious marriage?
Did Muhammad Ali Clay ever participate in WWE championships of freestyle wrestling?
In which year did Angola join the OPEC organization?
Where did the hot dog originate from?
Are there side effects to genetically modified foods?
Where is the psychiatric hospital in Tunisia?
Is daily alcohol consumption bad for health?
What is the number of the Umayyad Caliphs?
M
How many countries are land-bordering Yemen?
What is the biggest city in Holland?
How many sons and daughters does Maya Angelou have?
Where did Shukri al-Quwatli die?
What is the size of the city of Kismaayo?
What is the Moroccan folk custome called?
What is the mechanism of action of the RMBK nuclear reactor?
What is the biggest branch of the Seine River in France?
When did Bashar al-Assad become the president of Syria?
What's the biggest island in the Mediterranean Sea?
How many followers of the Qadiani Ahmadiyya in the world?
What's the temperature of the surface of the moon lighted with the sun?
In case of divorce, does the wife get the husband's property?
Does treatment with X-ray cause the growth of basal cell carcinoma in the skin?
What's the nationality of Beethoven?
Was the ruling system of Mount Lebanon Mutasarrifate effective?
Are there official statistics with the number of Jews in Syria?
Was the late Sheik Nimr al-Nimr Saudi?
Who was the first emperor of Spain?
How old was Archimedes when he passed away?
How much is Steve McMahon's worth?
When did John the Baptist die?
How did the Islamic Golden Age end?
How much was Abdulaziz Al-Babtain prize in creative poetry in 2018 worth?
Where is the oldest olive tree in the Arab world?
What are the oldest universities in Turkey?
How many chords are there in the zither?
Who was the first patriarch of the Maronite Church?
When was the term scientific communication used?
Who was the mother of Mohammed Saeed Al-Iryan?
Does the Arsenal Club have a basketball team?
How many vacation days are there in a week in the United States?
Who committed the Armenian Genocide?
Is Al-Muhtadee Billah an Umayyad Caliph?
How many cities with the name Al Qunaitra are there in the Arab World?
Who is the current editor-in-chief for The Washington Post newspaper?
How many countries are there in North America?
Who is the current Minister for Higher Education in France?
How long does it take for blood to coagulate in a small wound?
How long after His resurrection did Jesus ascend to Heaven?
Who are the Zaranik people?
Who is the twelfth prince of Kuwait?
What are the different types of customer relationship management?
What is the highest mountain peak in Switzerland?
Was Alfonso XIII a just ruler?
How did Muʿtazila affect politics?
What is the verdict of breaking the fast in Ramadan?
What is the richest state in the United States?
When did the civil war start in Syria after the 2013 Revolution?
When did Jamal Khashoggi become the general manager of Al-Arab News Channel?
Who was the first king of Portugal?
Where was Ian Fleming born?
What is Mesopotamia?
Who freed Egypt from the French Campaign?
What does the word El-Nagashi mean?
When was the first caesarean section performed?
How does the Marburg virus transmit?
Who is the third Imam for the Shiites
What is the difference between electric cars' engine and gasoline-powered cars engine?
What is the biggest mosque in the world?
How far away is New York from Washington?
Who was the first king of the Mamluk Sultanate?
Who invented the cast?
Who was the first prime minister of Pakistan?
When did the Greek Civilization end?
Who was the president of United Nations General Assembly in 2010?
What is the nationality of the writer Reem Hanna?
Who invinted artificial food flavors?
What is the first cafe shop in the world?
Who invented gunpowder?
Did Palestine Communist Party come to power?
Who is the Amazigh leader that invaded Rome?
Who was the first president of the Sudanese judicial fund?
How many parts of Resident Evil game are there?
When was the Monastery of Saint Maroun established in Lebanon?
When did the actor who played the role of the wizard  Severus Snape in the Harry Potter movies?
When was  the Fatah Movement established?
Who discovered the Bermuda Triangle?
Who was the Arab scientist who invented calculus?
What is the most dangerous type of brain cancer?
How long is the borderline between Austria and Hungary?
Where was Hanoch Levin born?
What is the atomic number of rhodium?
Who is the president of Lesotho?
Who designed the first slogan for Starbucks company?
What is the difference between chemistry and alchemy?
When was American Federal Bank established?
When did the Phoenicians build Abrotonum?
How much profit did the movie The Curse make?
Is tattoo removal damaging to the skin?
What is the biggest city in Tajikistan?
Who was the first to diagnose chronic obstructive pulmonary disease?
What is the main voltage in European houses?
When was the start of the twentieth century?
Who was the president of the Lebanese Republic from 1964 until 1970?
How long is the aorta in the human body?
Which team won the World Cup for handball the most?
Where does the bald eagle live?
When did Bashar Jaafari become the Permanent Representative of the Syrian Arab Republic of the United Nations?
Who wrote the novel "Emma"?
What is the hardest language in the world?
What is the royal family called in Holland?
Who established the city of Makkah al-Mukarramah?
Did the Egyptian Ahmed Zewail win the Nobel Prize for Chemistry?
Is marriage for minors still practiced in the Arabian Peninsula?
What is the Chinese folk custome called?
How many elements are there in the third period of the Modern Periodic Table?
When was the Psychology Department in American University established?
When was the first Secure Digital card made?
When did the Ridda Wars in Bahrain end?
Was the coming of the prophet Muhammed mentioned in the Torah?
Where is vitamin D?
When was The Black Keys band formed?
How many Islamic armies were there during Battle of the Trench?
When did the Spanish Football Premier league start?
How vast is Ethiopia?
What is the distance between Al Qatif governorate and Madina?
Who founded the FIFA World Cup?
How does renal carcinoma grow?
What is the mass of the Kaaba?
What is the average per capita income in Syria in 2010?
How many doctrines are there in Christianity?
What is the nationality of the leader Joseph Stalin?
What is the average per capita income in Holland in 2018?
How many Olympic medals were won by the Arab women?
How many spectra of visible light are there?
How many language originated from Latin?
How far is Munich from Berlin?
Who is the governor of Marsa Matruh?
When was Pythagorean theorem created?
How many doctrines are there in Islam?
What was the population of China in 2015?
When was Ahmed Helmy born?
Are the natives of America have civil rights?
Is Procarbazine a medicine that helps reduce melanoma?
What is the average weight of the mountain lion?
When did Saint Ladislaus I start ruling Hungary?
Who published the booklet "The Communist Manifesto"?
Who is the second president of the Republic of Yemen?
When was the first social media tool used?
Who is the first president of Palestine?
When was Nicholas II  born?
What is the surface are of Australia?
Where is Ghayman mountain?
In what year did Israel take over the Syrian Golan?
Where was Muadh ibn Jabal born?
Does the blasphemous get killed in Islam?
Is Christopher Columbus Christian?
How vast is China?
Who was the leader of the German army in the Battle of Stalingrad?
How many followers of Judaism were there in 2010?
How many camels live in the Arabian Peninsula currently?
What are the complications of breast cancer?
Where is Neva River?
When was King Pericles born?
Is secularism popular in the Arab World?
When was the novel Anna Karenina issued?
How did David Hume contribute to developing the Scottish philosophy?
When was the first generation of the Russian tank (T-80) produced?
Who is the Secretary-General of the Confederation of African Football?
What is the damage that's caused by cancer to the cells?
How to deal with natural disasters?
Did dinosaurs inhabit earth at the same time with humans?
When did Christianity spread in Ethiopia?
What is the effect of cow waste on the Ozone layer?
Did Maradona and pele ever face each other in a football match?
What is the space area of the Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina?
What is the space area of India?
How much did the (Capital Plaza) project in Abu Dhabi cost?
When did bullfighting first start?
When was the first digital watch invented?
Who is the current president of Niger?
Who formed the first constitution in the world?
When did the Chinese medicine first appear?
How many titles did Alex Ferguson achieve with Manchester United Football Club?
Is punishment in the grave real or a myth?
Is it allowed to have sex in the month of Ramadan?
What is the European country that doesn't have any army?
When was the first hospital specialized in psychology established in America?
For how long did the Cold War last?
Is it possible to build human colonies on Mars?
What is heart catheterisation?
What is the governmental system in Mauritius Island?
Who is the creator of the Kookta idea?
When was the first subway invented around the world?
What is the space area of India?
When was Prince Vladimir born?
How many casualties were there to the Angolan Civil War?
What is the biggest defeat to the Manchester United Club through its history?
Who is the founder of the fathers' rights movement?
When did Gustav Klimt found the Secession Art Movement?
Who is the first king to a destroyed kingdom?
Which country is the first to join the European Union?
Who is the founder of Pixar?
What is the average age of an adult lion?
What is the C++ language?
Is Olanzapine is an antipsychotic medicine?
Who are the pirates?
What is the speed of the Sumatran tiger?
Who is the founder of the idea of humanity?
Where is Palu River?
What is the slogan of the German company Audi?
Is it possible to measure the age of ice?
How much tea does China produce yearly?
What is the largest city in Austria?
How far away is Wisconsin from Washington?
What is the capital of Azerbaijan?
What are the thermal tubes?
Which Egyptian city called the Bride of the Nile?
Does immune diseases cause death in humans?
What is the most dangerous insect discovered in The Amazon?
How many times did Tunisia qualify to the World Cup?
Did the Austrian Armed forces participate in the invasion of Iraq?
Who is the first president of the UNESCO foundation?
Who is the prince of Amman?
Is it possible to get addicted to opium tea?
Who is Hasan al-Rammah?
How far is the deepest point in Gulf of Aqaba?
How much losses were caused by the tropical Hurricane Edith?
What does the term "Feminazi" mean?
How many Yemeni armed forces ready for fighting?
Are varicose veins considered among chronic diseases?
What is the minimum wage in North Carolina?
What is the name of the first American military base that was established in Iraq?
For how long did the Cretaceous last?
What is the space area of Lebanon?
Which country was the first to pass a law that protects the homosexuals in the world?
Does Oregano reduce sneezing?
Which movies won The Oscars 1999?
How many Oscars did Amy Lou Adams?
When was the American military agency established?
Does Upper Egypt lie on the Red Sea?
Who wrote The Fourth Bible?
Who trained the Egyptian team in the Word Cup 2018?
When did the first economical crisis happen in the twenty first century?
Which city in Morocco borders the Atlantic Ocean and Mediterranean Sea?
How long is the Third Ring Road in Tripoli, Libya?
When was the composer Joseph Haydn born?
Are there laws in America that mandate equality in wages?
What is the finishing maneuver of the wrestler Shawn Michaels called?
Who is the Chief Executive Officer of Al Ahly Sporting Club?
When was the MidEast Aviation Academy founded?
What is ultra high frequency?
Where is Vitamin D3?
For how long did the Austro-Hungarian Empire last?
How high is the Al-Zahiriyah Madrasa Minaret?
Where did Lucy Stone live?
How many neurons constitute the enteric nervous system?
Who is the president of the United States Agency for International Development?
Who is Orhan Eskiköy?
Who is the first president in Egypt after the Independence from British Invasion?
When was the first time that solar energy used?
What is the nationality of the scholra Victor Hugo?
Who was the Minister of Defence in Syria in 2015?
What is the name of the first car model produced by Ford Motor Company?
Who are the Gurage people?
What is the percentage of Muslims in Japan currently?
How many seasons of Lucifer are there on Netflix?
Is it possible that getting engaged in an early age is one of the reasons why the man uses violence with his sexual partner?
What is the name of the water channel that Saudi Arabia wanted to dig to make Qatar an island?
What is the chemical composition of lead?
Where was the historical Ahiram sarcophagus discovered?
What borders Mauritania from the north?
When was MATLAB released?
What was the overall quantity of China's import of cotton in 2018?
Who is the first Abbasid Caliph?
What is the morbidity rate of infectious diseases in the world?
How many states are there in Algeria?
What is the number of segments are there in neurons?
How old is the city of Hebron?
Who are Shababa tribes?
Who is the late, dissident Jamal Khashoggi's fiance?
What is the largest empire in history in space area?
What is the first insurance company in Tunisia?
When was the Red Cross Organization founded?
Who won the Battle of Midway?
What is the name of the precision tool that is used in LASIK eye surgeries?
Where was Muhammed Baha-ud-Din Naqshband Bukhari born?
Did Jack the Ripper get arrested?
When did the Portuguese explorers arrive to Eastern Arabia?
What are the most famous works of the Chinese novelist Guan Moye?
Is pain during chewing or swallowing a symptom of parotitis?
In what calendar year did Battle of Uhud take place?
Who is the last pharaoh in the Pharaonic Civilization?
How much does the adult human's liver weigh?
Is BP Egypt a government company?
What is the percentage of the economical growth rate in the Republic of Maldova in 2018?
How many capitals of the Roman Empire were there through its history?
What is the percentage of renewable energy uses to generate electricity in Iceland?
How many battles did Spain go through until the nineteenth century?
When did the marionettes first appear?
What is the punishment for the crime of espionage in The United States of America?
How many main layers of Earth are there?
Who played the main role in the movie "Memoirs of a Geisha"?
Why did Saudi Arabia intervene in Yemen Civil war?
What is the largest fauna in Lesotho?
Who are the Arawak people?
When did the movie There Will Be Blood get released?
Was Solomon's Temple found?
How did the former Egyptian president Mohamed Morsi die?
What is the ideology of the Houthi movement in Yemen?
How do Regressive systems form?
What is the responsibility of the educational centers towards the children, in terms of sexual harassment?
How does one get coronary heart disease?
Who legislated that "Who built a house that fell down upon its owners, gets killed"?
What is the population census of Jerusalem?
Who is the protagonist of the television show Bab Al-Hara?
When was the city of Rasheed built?
How deep is the biggest subway in the world?
What are the first works of the English composer of classic music George Frideric Handel?
What is the most popular communication program between employees in Tech Mahindra?
When did Labour Party form in France?
When was the animation movie Ice Age 2 released?
Why did the United States enter Iraq in 2003?
Is it necessary to do stimulant drug tests before sports competitions?
How much does Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan weigh?
What is the life expectancy of an olive tree?
Which city comes first, in terms of population count?
Did Kenya participate in Football World Cup?
Who discovered renal cell carcinoma disease?
What is the distance between Budapest and Warsaw?
Is the level of Intelligence related to the size of the brain?
Who drew the manga Evangelion?
Did al-Bashir leave Sudan when he was deposed?
Who created the modern linguistics structure of English?
Did the movie Titanic win any Oscars?
When did Diego Forlán die?
What is the Identity element of multiplication in mathematics?
How big is Congo?
What is the population of Dahab city?
When was the first drug lab in the world established?
What is Sicily famous for?
What is the name of the largest island in Bahrain?
Where can we get the client/server form in Damascus?
When was the movie "Lightning: Time Paradox" released?
Are there forests in Russia?
How high is Tell el-Muqayyar hill?
What is the nationality of Jeffrey Young?
Is osteoporosis considered a degenerative disease?
When was the Red Crescent Organization originated for the first time?
Is it possible that autism occurs due to genetic diseases?
How to make mint tea?
Are there green pearls?
When was the Ibrahimi Mosque built?
How many Jews are there in North America?
When did Vivian Mary Hartley live?
Was the Scanderoon Brigade considered part of natural Syria?
What was Eric Maria Remarck's first work?
What is the cause of the crisis?
How many branches of Islam agreed upon?
Are Boeing planes used in Emirates Airlines?
What is Insomnia?
Who invented optical fibers?
When was Romeo and Juliet's novel published?
How many Orkney islands?
How many train stations are there in the Algeria subway?
When was Barry Gibb's first musical production?
Is the Qur'an similar to the Bible?
What is the average number of victims of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease?
Who is Kanye West's wife?
Who was the first to take advantage of water flow movement to produce energy?
What was the use of Musahara plateau in the Aramaic period?
What is the most dangerous snake in the world?
When was the city of Aleppo destroyed?
Is pleading feasible in the case of proven guilty?
When was the first time solar energy was used to generate electricity?
Is the system in Saudi Arabia a dictatorial system?
What was the average annual income per capita in India in 2018?
Is Geology able to predict earthquakes?
Is Sherlock Holmes a living legend or a fantasy?
What is feed made of?
Is there a cure for acne?
What is Egypt's rank in the 2016 Corruption Perception Index report?
Is marriage considered an obligation in the Islamic religion?
what is the importance of vitamin D?
What are personality tests?
When was the movie "out in the dark" released?
What was the first map which the new world name (America) found on?
When was Edward Stratemeyer born?
What is the role of the United Nations Criminal Justice and Crime Prevention Network?
What is the last song that Umm Kulthum sang before her death?
When did Larry Page meet Sergey Brin?
In which year was Soshana Afroyim born?
Is cancer a fatal disease?
What caused George Went Hensley to die?
How many races has Michael Schumacher won first place?
How many Christian Catholics were in 2007?
How many pages does the Oxford dictionary have?
What is the nationality of the writer Ernest Hemingway?
What year was the House of Wisdom built in Baghdad?
How many liver parts are there?
What was the first money press in the world?
When was the first constitution of the Arab Republic of Yemen issued?
What is the nationality of the writer Agatha Christie?
What was the first game released on PlayStation 1?
What is the youngest age for a head of state ever recorded in the world?
What is the speed of a deer?
What are the geographical coordinates of the Bermuda Triangle?
How many sons of King Abdullah bin Abdul Aziz Al Saud?
What is the nationality of the player Messi?
Is a depressed person considered a psychopath?
How many prophets and messengers are mentioned in the Bible?
How many letters are there in Thai language?
When was Emily Sartin's cartoon series aired on Space Toon?
Can diseases be transmitted in space?
Can emotional terrorism separate partners?
When was the embassy of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia established in Tunisia?
How does hydroelectric energy work?
What big is ​​Lebanon?
What is the definition of the environment as a term?
What is the percentage of water weight in the human body?
What is literary communication?
Are mobile applications designed using Python?
How many stars of the Big Dipper?
How long did St. Stephen the first rule Hungary?
When was the Tarot Castle built?
What is the maximum stage reached by the Moroccan national team during the history of its participation in the World Cup?
When did Canadian professional wrestler Kevin Stein get his first title?
When did Antonio Banderas receive the World Stage Award?
What is the Islamic Salvation Front in Algeria?
When was the Galileo trial??
Where does the Pipit bird live?
What is the largest cities in Upper Egypt?
What is the oldest airport in Germany?
How many symptoms of cerebral palsy?
How do programming languages ​​work?
Is leukemia fatal in three days?
Is Prophet Jesus, peace be upon him, from the descendants of the Prophet Isaac?
Who is the founder of the French company Total?
Who invented the centrifuge machine?
What is the second oldest football club in Italy after Juventus?
Where was boxer Jack Bernstein born?
Who was the victor in the incursion of Khaybar?
When did the Arabsat satellite launch?
What is the highest score in the Rongton scale?
Is it possible for anyone to perform magic?
When was the CITES agreement established?
What is the purpose of the great community program?
When was the Tigers of Tamil founded?
Do fish sleep with eyes open?
When was the water wheel loader used for the first time?
How much was Algeria's oil exports in 2015?
What is the nationality of Patrick Seale?
What is the first club did the Dutch player Robin van Persie play in?
What language do Berbers in North Africa speak?
What is the Saudi royal palace called?
Is Catalonia a separate region from Spain?
What are the coordinates of Barbados?
How many prophets and messengers are mentioned in the Quran?
What is the normal blood sugar level?
Who is the owner of the Diwan of "Bilqis Land"?
How Much is the Profit of Manos: The Hands of Fate?
When was the international chess board established?
What are the most important uses of copper?
How big is ​​the Republic of the Union of Myanmar?
When was the first participation of the Venezuelan national team in the World Cup?
What is the nationality of writer William Golding?
Where is Peru located?
When was the Network Computing Devices company "NCD" established?
What is the first hair dye?
Which Saudi cities near the Yemeni border?
When did the Prophet Ibrahim migrate to the Levant?
Are the Emirati coasts located on the Indian Ocean?
What was the population of Croatia in 2016?
Who are the people who invented the system of dividing the house into rooms?
What is the price of the Russian mk weapon version 2003?
When was Ian Fleming born?
Who is the first president of South Korea?
How far is the city of Venice from Rome?
Who was the director of Egyptian intelligence in the Egyptian revolution in 2011?
By whom was wax sealed messages used?
Where is the sun gate square?
What percentage of Jews around the world in the current decade?
What is the most common European language in Africa?
What are the smallest continents of the world in terms of area and population?
Is there a device for measuring jaw strength?
Is Al-Jazeera children channel still broadcasting?
Are the dinosaurs real or fantasy?
Who sang "Mawtani" for the first time?
How far is the city of Minab from Tehran?
When did the Asian Football Confederation decide to include Australia?
What is the punishment for rape in Egypt?
How big is the state of Florida?
When was the movie "The Kingdom" released?
How big is the ​​cultivated land with genetically modified plants in the world?
What was the rate of rape in America during the year?
How many titles was coach Bentz crowned with Liverpool Football Club?
Does Celine Dion have twins?
How is morphine extracted?
When did Marie Sklodowska Curie obtain French citizenship?
When did Jamal Al-Khashoggi receive the position of deputy editor of Arab News?
How many books did Charles Darwin have?
How many colors of Ireland flag?
How many chapters of the Apocryphon Jacob?
Are citrus trees irrigated?
When was Hamza bin Abdul Muttalib born?
When did the player Giuseppe Meazza die?
Is antisocial personality disorder the result of perceptive philosophy?
How many Omani ports?
Who is the third president of the United States of America?
When was UEFA founded?
Where was the freedom of health movement founded?
When did George Shorsh immigrate to the United States?
When was the movie "Brokeback Mountain" shown?
Did Nelson Mandela contribute to transitional justice in South Africa?
When was the Hitman movie released?
Who was the first Iraqi ruler after the monarchy?
Who is the president of Morocco in 2017?
When did the era of pre-Islamic times end in the Arabian Peninsula?
Is there neon gas in the air we breathe?
How long did France rule Egypt?
When did France and Great Britain join forces against Germany in a war?
Who is the first Lebanese president after the civil war?
Who is the most famous Syrian historian?
What is the kutchi language?
Are McDonald's Meals genetically modified?
How long are ostrich eggs?
How many doctrines of the Christian religion?
How many years was the interval between the end of World War One and the beginning of World War Two?
How many countries does China share with its northern border?
Is Tabriz located on the coast?
How many Italian speakers are there?
Does tramadol contain codeine or opium?
Who is the photographer who claimed to photograph the big-footed?
Did the Messenger, may God bless him and grant him peace, by Abu Bakr Al-Siddiq passed by when migrating to Wadi Qadid?
When was the House of Lords of the United Kingdom established?
What is the largest Indian city?
What was the first civilization in ancient China?
When did the battle of Ain Jalut take place?
Who is the last person publicly executed in the United States?
How many demonstrative pronouns in the Arabic language?
How long is the highway network in Tunisia?
Are there volcanoes in Iraq?
Has Libya ever been occupied by Spain?
When did cloud computing originate?
When did Liverpool win the first European Champion League?
How many years is a doctorate in dentistry at the State University in Tunis taught?
Where was the first college to study pharmacy established in the world?
How long did it take to build the pyramids?
Who is the governor of Toledo today?
Who was the first president of the International Football Association (FIFA)?
What is the largest Italian cities?
How big is the Byzantine Empire?
How much bananas did America produce in 2015?
Who wrote the book Kalb bin Kalb in Tunisia?
What is the incitement?
Who is the first ruler of the Kingdom of Tonga?
What is the longest river in North America?
How did Pharaoh die fighting the Jewish religion?
Where was the wine invented?
Was Salah al-Din al-Ayyubi a Kurd?
When was rabies detected?
Who is the current president of Libya?
How thick is the drum film?
How many countries does the Danube river pass through?
Who is the author of the Snow White story?
What is the longest river in China?
What is the Sixth Sense ?
Does vocational education contribute to reducing unemployment?
When was the Lebanese program (How and Why) produced?
Did Kuwait get the AFC Asian Cup?
Where did Sheikh Hussein bin Sheikh Ali live?
How much is a female Sumatran rhinoceros weight?
How much does Kaspersky Anti-Virus cost?
When did it happen
What is the largest moon of Saturn Titan and the largest particle in the solar system without a planetary division?
When did the Navy create the United States?
How many presidents of the Arab Republic of Egypt until 2011?
How big is ​​Guatemala?
When were the nuclear warheads used for the first time?
When was the movie "The killing of Satan" released?
What is the symbol iron to you?
How parts of the movie "Toy Story" are there?
Where was St. Macarius the Great born?
When was the utilitarian theory found?
How many US Senators?
When did chemical fertilizers start to be used in agriculture?
How far is the city of Sohag from Cairo?
What is the largest city in Virginia?
What is the molar mass of hydrochloric acid?
How many victims were there during the first Israeli attack on Gaza City?
How can syphilis be treated?
What is the first book written by Ibn Taymiyyah?
Why was the Galapagos Islands named by that name?
Is Vitamin B1 same as thiamine?
Is the ambulance equipped with an electric shock device?
How many Jordanian cities?
Do meetings in companies contribute to improving profitability?
How long are the mountains of Radfan?
In which Jordanian city are the ruins of Petra located?
What is the average annual income per capita in Iraq in 2018?
Where is the city of Sindh?
What is the molecular mass of lamotrigine?
Where was Munir Jamil Habib Rova buried?
What is the price per semester in medicine at the University of South Florida?
How far is Pluto from the Sun?
What is the legend associated with the Golan Heights?
When did Commodore International go bankrupt?
Who is the discoverer of black holes?
When did Windows XP began to be used in computers?
Where is Al-Roumi prison located?
When was the first Batman movie released?
How big is the city of Jericho?
Who is the founder of the United Nations Population Fund?
Who is the director of Icarus at the Edge of Time?
Who is the current president of Google?
Is a woman required to wear the niqab in Islam?
Who is the seventh sultan of the Ottoman Empire?
When was the United Democratic Party established?
Who discovered the plant which cigarettes made of?
When did theology arise?
When did the Persian Empire end?
Who is the first to discover how to decode Enigma?
When was Sultan Mohamed the Magnificent born?
What is the rule of divorce in the Christian religion?
When was the coalition of the Popular Front in Tunisia announced?
How long is the maximum t-rex dinosaur?
When was the famine in Ethiopia?
When was ISIS established?
How old is Wolfgang Schäuble?
How many modal past verbs in the Arabic language?
Who are the Qawasim Pirates?
How much was the fairytale The Hobbit sales?
How many countries are in Oceania?
What is the name of the system of the Sanskrit, Hindi and other languages ​​of India?
Is pestorella bacteria a plague bacteria gram-negative?
When was the play of the gun dealer released?
How did Abu Abdul-Malik Marwan the second die?
When did the farm company originate in Tunisia?
How many characters in the Chinese language ?
Has the Inca Empire built the Mayan pyramids?
Has a solution been found to the Libyan crisis since the revolution broke out on February 17, 2011?
What is the Mother of Fire culture?
Is Midway still considered a military base?
Can Facebook be used without the Internet?
What is the first song for Sabah Fakhri?
What is the oldest religion discovered on Earth?
Who is the first Arab doctor?
Who was the President of Tajikistan in 2003?
What is the percentage of sugar in honey?
How far is the village of Al-Lajjun from Jerusalem?
How large is the county of Alava?
When was the science fiction movie (Edge of Tomorrow) produced?
When did the Phoenician civilization fall?
How many destroyers does the Saudi Royal Navy own?
When was the Cardinals complex established?
Who is the top scorer in the FIFA World Cup?
Who is the twenty-sixth president of the United States of America?
Is Athena the favorite daughter of Zeus?
What are the risks associated with premature birth?
Who are the nobles during the French Revolution?
When did the twentieth century begin?
Who is the founder of quantum theory in physics?
When was the blue county established in the city of Amsterdam?
To whom is the city of Damascus subject to?
Who won the African Cup in 2019?
How many European clubs did Mustafa Hajji play in?
Who was the first to win the first African Cup of Nations for football?
Where was the Canaanite civilization formed?
How many victims were in the war of Afghanistan?
Who is the founder of the reform movement?
What is the function of the thyroid gland?
What was the first movie act by Hugh Laurie?
What is the oldest mosque in Morocco?
Does Islam prohibit killing the soul?
Who is responsible for treating sewage in modern buildings?
Who is the first president in Austria?
What is the largest city in the United States of America?
What is the first award for singer Justin Bieber?
Where is the largest psychiatric hospital in the world?
When was the first list of the World Peace Index developed?
Who is Nasr Al-Ruwaisi?
When did the black beard legend originate?
Where is Lechuguilla Cave located?
Which company is producing the Panadol drug?
How does traditional flu infection happen?
What are the internal policies in Hungary regarding the refugee crisis in 2015?
Where were the Kazakh cells located?
How many countries of the Arab Maghreb Union?
Who designed the first aircraft carrier?
What is the annual income of Majid Al Futtaim Group?
In what year was Meral Okay born?
Where were the pharaohs buried when they died?
What is the degree at which water freezes?
What are the best Python libraries?
Who wrote the Balfour Declaration?
What is the highest British Medal of Honor?
What is the nationality of Frank Capra?
How tall is the Clyde River?
Who established the Church of Notre Dame in France?
When was the American continent discovered?
What is the nationality of the tennis player Betsy Abbas?
How many years did josé eloy alfaro delgado's presidency last?
Who of the companions was the first to die?
Why do people continue to consume genetically modified foods despite their health risks?
Were vaccines and antiseptics the beginning of antivirals?
Who is the founder of (Huawei) the Chinese company?
What does the festival mean as term?
When did God send Hood to the people of Ad?
When was the rule of the Carolingian Empire?
Does the U.S. Navy have the largest number of submarines in the world?
What types of river fish which live in the Tigris River?
Can viral hepatitis E virus be treated?
What was the reason for the attack on the shrine of Ruhollah Khomeini?
What are the rituals of lavaging in the river in India called?
On which continent does the Martial eagle live?
What does "God" mean?
What is the reason for puncturing the ozone layer?
Who is the founder of the Hebrew movement?
Who was the main attack player in the Libyan Al-Ahly Club in 2010?
What is the game Ullamaliztli?
Who built the Lebanese city of Baalbek?
Is it possible to apply cloning in humans?
How long does the menstrual process take for a woman?
Where is the Parker Solar Probe?
What is the economic growth rate in South Korea in 2018?
How large is the Sahara in southern Africa?
Which language was the Treaty of Constantinople written in?
Are drugs allowed according to the Islamic religion?
What was the first movie by American actor Joaquin Phoenix?
When was the first participation of the Iraqi team in the Gulf Cup?
Is Dick Grayson the son of Batman?
Did Saad Lamjarred go to prison for rape?
Are there animal sources of vitamin C?
How does the human hand move?
Who Discovered Rabies?
What are the most important theories of John Broadus Watson?
How big is Canada?
Who is the first mobile phone company?
How many hundreds are there in a hundred thousand?
How many endocrine glands in the human body?
When was the decision to convert Socotra Island to a governorate?
Can chemical pesticides be dispensed in heavy farming?
What is a carnivore diet?
Who is the founder of Palm Company?
What is the highest rank in the Kuwaiti army?
When was the movie "Limitless" released?
What are the endangered birds?
How many books of the novelist Jane Austen?
When did Khosrow rule the Persian Empire?
Is it possible to look at a murderer with an innocent look after proving his guilt?
When was the first SUV invented?
When did the United States create the American missile defense?
What is the percentage of animal protein in fermented natural cheese?
Do 48 Arabs have the right to own land in Israel?
When did Kazem El-Saher release his first music video?
Can you join the Islamic World Academy of Sciences?
Who is the founder of the Roman Empire?
When did the founder of the Marvel Comics Company Stan Lee die?
Can living cells be preserved by cooling?
What was the first newspaper in the world?
When did the Galápagos tortoise die?
Who designed the fission bomb?
Is Dubai a cheap tourist destination?
Where is the headquarters of the United Nations Fund?
Since when has homosexuality been practiced?
Who was the dean of the Moroccan national team in 2019?
How many teeth does an adult have?
Do people have a voice in the Arab world?
How long did France colonize Somaliland?
Does the antibiotic affect the heart?
How can psychological abuse be treated in children?
What is the largest Iranian cities?
When was a branch of the Femen movement established in Turkey?
Have the Colombian national team ever been crowned the Copa America Football Championship?
What are the reasons for Morocco's abandonment of the 2015 African Nations Cup?
How much profit does Anime One Piece has?
When was Wilhelmina, Queen of the Netherlands, born?
When was the second Zionist conference?
How many scenes does the Queen of Pigeons play contain?
When was my carbon nanotubes used for the first time?
When did Jordan agree to participate in direct peace negotiations with Israel?
How many games inside the Al-Ahly Club?
Who played the lead role in the Syrian series Ishtar?
When was the first copy of the (Gulf Cup) Championship held?
When was the Vatican Library founded?
What is the white matter usually found in acne?
How big is the city of Zakho?
What language is spoken in the virtuous city of Babylon?
Where did Tariq bin Ziyad live?
How many seasons did Zlatan Ibrahimovic play for Paris Saint-Germain?
When did Mohamed Morsi die?
When was the coup against the rule of President Jaafar Nimeiry?
How many photo magazines has Batman appeared in?
What is the publication periodical?
What are the cards of the Egyptian gods in the series Yu-Gi-Oh?
What was the capital of the Phoenician civilization?
When was the Zaatari camp established?
Who is the Syrian president who lost Golan to Israel?
What is the smallest island in the Mediterranean?
Who invented the camera machine?
Is there a reserve Eurasian bird?
When was the first bioterrorism attack using anthrax in the United States?
Who was the first person to diagnose acne?
When did the Battle of Platea happen?
At what height is the ozone layer located?
Is Palestinian culture different from the Syrian culture?
Who is the Prophet of God who was sent to the people of Israel?
Who is the first Abbasid governor of Yemen?
Why was Medina called by that name?
How big is the city of Reggio Calabria?
Who is the producer of "Saving Private Ryan"?
What was the capital of Andalusia previously?
Did France steal pharaonic monuments during Napoleon's invasion in Egypt?
What does the Cloud feature mean?
When did Russia intervene in the Syrian civil war?
Where was the “slow eating” movement established?
How many countries does the Nile River pass through?
Where do you study Islamic sciences in Cairo?
Is Punjab an officially subordinate to India?
When did Joseph Smith live?
How much was the American public debt in 2018?
In which year did Rome adopt the Christian religion?
When was the injection needle used in medicine for the first time?
When was the laser engraving machine invented?
When was the first ever photo of a black hole published?
How many books of the Old Testament?
What is the function of the bladder?
What are the closest Omani cities to the Yemeni border?
When did the Ottoman versus Fifth Venetian War take place?
What is the name of the first US aircraft carrier?
Who is the president of Peru for the year 2010?
What are Clean Cook stoves?
In which year was "Mr. & Mrs. Smith" movie produced?
Is alcohol permitted in the Jewish religion?
How much does Egypt spend from its income in the army?
Is it possible to visit Yemen now?
Are some medicines made of plastics?
What is the album of Amr Diab?
When did the homophile movement appear?
When was the one terabyte disk designed?
What is the statue of Lady of Justice?
What is the rate of economic growth in India in 2018?
When was the first steam train used?
What is cellular respiration?
When did Geoffrey Blainey die?
When was the Jarir Bookstore founded in Saudi Arabia?
When was the first book printed?
When was the first "IQ" assessment test?
Who is the first woman to assume the presidency in an African country?
Can Arabs and Jews live in peace?
When did the Marinid Sultanate collapse?
Where is the Beykoz Valley?
Where did the copper industry start?
How far is Munich from the capital, Berlin?
When was the World Food Organization established?
Does the law in Germany punish for downloading registered trademark films?
Who was the Prophet of the
Where did the Balfour Declaration take place?
Is there an explicit text prohibiting homosexuality in the Bible?
How big is the state of Kentucky?
How old was Saddam Hussein when he was executed?
In which year did Greece enter the First World War?
What is the percentage of carbon dioxide in the human body?
What is the nationality of Geert Hofstede?
How can we restrict the female violence phenomenon?
What is the first aqua park city in the world?
Are the rights of men and women equal in Saudi Arabia?
Has Islam prohibited treating  women as slaves?
What is the reason for hating women or misogyny?
How much
When was Will Eisner born?
Is there an end?
How many sections are in the digestive system?
When was the Kaaba built?
Has the Egyptian Ahly ever played versus Barcelona?
When was the first time chocolate imported to Africa?
What is the function of pancreas?
When was the Hamdanid dynasty founded?
Who was the first to credit the astrological signs?
What is the basic method of fighting infection?
What is the synthesis of buprobion?
When was the first time chemical weapons used?
Who are the warring parties in the Battle of Uhud?
What is the nationality of the writer Francisco de Quevedo?
When was Isa Ibn Maryam born?
In which year were the procedures and judiciary civil law set in Sudan?
What is an example of saprophytic organism?
What is the longest river in Asia?
When was Sanaa bombing that targeted the Yemen's Central security Forces?
Has Melilla been independent from Spain?
When did the American business woman Martha Lyne Collins live?
Who is the first model in the world?
How much time is there between the end of World War One and the beginning of World War Two?
When did Muhammad bin Ahmed bin Nabhan Bin Khidr die?
What is the concentration of ozone?
When did the United States start to manufacture MIM- 104 Patriot batteries ?
How many chapters are in the Acts of the Apostles?
When was the American United Technologies Corporation established?
What is the real name of the singer Nour el Houdda?
What is the kind of stone used in building the Great Pyramid of Giza?
How many cities are in India?
Is the Unites Nations World Food Programme present in Syria?
Who was the fisrt man to convert to Islam?
Where was the 2009 Africa Cup of Nations?
When did Einstein publish the theory of special relativity?
Is Homs elevated above sea level?
When was the modern Austria founded?
Who designed York Park in Australia?
When did same- sex marriage become legal in the state of California?
Is salt one of the natural methods that can treat high blood pressure?
What is the first book of Ada Aharoni?
Where can I get client/ server model in Tripoli?
Where is Angelina cafe?
When was Takeshi's Castle broadcasted on Arabic television?
What is the percentage of Berbers in Algeria?
When did Tunisia enact free education legislation?
What is the contribution rate of the Australian Continent in world economy?
What is the melting point of glass?
Is the blood type AB a general receptor?
In which city in Yemen are Hojour tribes?
Who is the father of Arfaja bin Harthma bin Abd al Uzza?
Do men and women in Yemen have equal rights?
What is the nationality of the political leader Mustafa Kamil Pasha?
What is the political system in Israel?
How many counties are in Ireland?
What is the online gate of etvos Lorand University in Budapest?
How do postmodern philosophers think?
How many victims were in the operation scorched earth?
How big is Zakho?
What is Kim Jung-Un's religion?
Where is Unilever corporation headquarters?
When did semiconductor appeared?
What is the percentage of water in an adult?
Who painted the Return of the Prodigal Son?
Who is the founder of the Coca-Cola Company?
Where is Monastery of St. Jerome located?
What is the material that forms teeth?
When did the Ottoman enter Constantinople?
When did the second Crusade end?
When was the first time to use microorganisms to make yogurt?
Why do some individuals purposely hurt themselves?
When was Titanic built?
What is the capital of Oman?
Who developed "TCP/ IP protocol"?
What is the population of Colombia in 2017?
When was Kaaba built?
Do the Jews celebrate the birth of Prophet Moses?
How many workers are in Tech Mahindra, Germany branch?
When was Beats Electronic founded?
What is the Israeli policy towards illegitimate immigration?
What is the longest cave in the world?
Does nocturnal erection happen to females?
When did Facebook released Facebook store service?
When did Islam get to Sicily island?
What is the population of Torres islands?
When was Sir Edward Dalyngrigge born?
In which ancient pharaonic dynasty were the pyramids built?
How dense is titanium?
Who is the fifth caliph of Abbasid Caliphate?
What are the signs and symptom of polio?
Who is the President of Spain?
How many endocrine glands are there?
How big is Puerto Rico?
What is the percentage of fluorine in groundwater?
How big was the first computer?
Is there still a conflict between Ukraine and separatists?
How can we get rid of acne?
How big is Nuuk?
When did the Sultanate of Oman join the United Nations?
How old is the history of cowboys?
What is Najaf famous for?
How many kingdoms ruled Syria?
What is the penalty of rape in South Africa?
Are there human victims due to the Omani protests?
Is the G-spot in vagina authenticated?
Is it possible to grow crops on the surface of Mars?
What is the tax rate in Germany?
Where was Dr. Harold Con born?
In which year did Morocco become a member of the United Nations?
How far is Calcutta from Mumbai?
When did the Boshin War start?
When did they start to use blue or green background to picture scenes?
When was the initiative of Syrian researchers released?
What is the meaning of the term classical liberalism?
What are the oldest universities in Egypt?
What is the capital of the Kingdom of Tonga?
How many teams play in German Bondesliga?
Is cloud technology safe to store data?
Who is the god father of the Italian unification movement?
Where is fructose or fruit sugar found?
How long is the free running track in the Olympics?
How many poems did Nizar Qabbany write?
Where is Imam Ali Mosque located?
How big is Doha?
Why did Russia interfere in the Syrian conflict?
What are the ethical issues of cloning?
How many sons and daughters do Kolinda Grabar have?
Where is Mura Castle village located?
To whom is Shiism attributed?
How far is South Dakota from Texas?
Did Saudi Arabia get a delegation from the Security Council before invading Yemen?
What is the synovial membrane?
Was James the Great one of the Twelve Apostles of Jesus?
How can child trafficking be restricted?
In which year was the air raid on Budapest launched?
Does the Spanish Armed Forces Navy have fighting submarines?
Does the lack of vitamin d cause chronic fatigue?
Who was the first Sultan of Oman?
Who is the god in Hinduism?
In Which American state does NASA release the space aircrafts?
Where was Lake Monster movie filmed?
Who is the President of Bulgaria?
What is the oil production percentage of BP Egypt in 2018?
Why does Russia want to capture Crimea Island?
Does taking injection in any part of the body break fasting?
Can divers see under water?
How high is Watertown Dam?
How dangerous is the ozone hole?
Is the earth flat?
Which film won the Oscar in 2018?
When was MBC launched?
Who is Thomres Gritly Oglu?
What was the first film of Tom Cruise?
Who is the coach of A.C. Milan?
When was the Organization of Women's Freedom estblished in Egypt?
When was Jerusalem announced as Israel's capital?
How much is a human kidney?
How can we reduce the production of carbon dioxide?
To which tribe does Siraj al-Din al-Bulqini belong?
What is the main chemical element in magma?
Is genetically modified food unhealthy?
How old is the human cell?
When did Bob Paisley play football?
When in the Middle Ages in Europe did the Great Famine happen?
Who is the first female president of South Korea?
How many kinds of hyenas are there?
What are the oldest universities in the Philippines?
Where were the newest manuscripts of the Bible?
Who is Rontgen?
What is the ruling of abortion in Christianity?
Has any Japanese anime series ever won the Oscar?
When did the extermination happen in Cambodia?
When did Russia build the first generation of katyusha?
Who is he
Is anemia a hereditary disease?
When was Mauritania established?
When was Jean-Jacques Rousseau born?
What is the function of a bullet cartridge?
How many kinds of Indo- American tribes are there?
Is golf considered the sport of wealthy people?
When was Hanoch Levin born?
Who was the most player to win the Roland-Garros international championship?
Where was Abu Zakariya Yahya born?
What is the biggest country in Eastern Europe?
What is the name of the actor who won the first Oscar ?
What is the rarest breed of pigeons?
When was the University of Zaragoza established?
When was the American Wrestling Association founded?
Has any American president ever ruled the United States for more than two terms?
How can the age of ancient fossils be determined?
Who discovered the cure to headache?
In which Iranian governorate is Abadeh Tashk located?
Is facebook a joint-stock company?
When was the first time to use Sumatran tiger in circus?
What is the distance between Earth and Uranus?
What is plane fuel called?
When did the Swedish Zlatan Ibrahimovic join the Sweden national football team?
How many destinations are there for Air Greenland planes?
What does the abbreviation "www" in online sites mean?
What is the reason for the growth of cancer cells?
When was the movie Silence of the Lambs released?
How big is Luxembourg?
How big is the republic of Myanmar?
Does taking hormones cause obesity?
Who set the foundations of modern Psychology?
What are the most famous novels of Olivia Mary Manning?
The french playwright Jean Anouilh?
Are cosmic rays harmful?
What is the natural average of protein for a human?
When was the Israeli Knesset established?
When was the Tunisian National Liberal Party established?
Is it allowed for foreigners to own property in Algeria?
Why do countries recruit spies?
To which party does Bashar al-Assad belong?
When was modern Yemen established?
Is it true that Argentinians are among the most beautiful humans?
What material is bulletproof jacket made of?
How much time does kangaroo baby stay in his mother's pouch?
Is panic a psychological disease?
Are there coasts in South Ossetia?
What is the most famous substance used in sterilization?
What is saprophytism?
When did UNESCO get Peabody Award?
How far is Calcutta from Mumbai?
How many planes has fallen in Bermuda triangle?
When was the release of Batman animated film?
Who is the inventor of drone?
Who was the most famous footballer in Egypt in 2006?
What are the basics of sewing?
What is the number of digestive secretions?
When was google translate launched for the first time?
What is the penalty of rape in France?
When did acrobat sport appear?
What is the name of Hafez al-Assad's son that ruled after him?
Who is the founder of the Republic of Panama?
What is the main organ in the body that is responsible for immunity?
Do females have nocturnal erection?
Who was the first president after the exit of the british occupation and the entrance of the Israeli occupation?
How many UN envoys are there for the Syrian crisis?
Who is the author of Return to Casablanca?
When did the conflict in Balochistan start against the separatist groups?
How long was Ban Ki-moon the minister of foreign affairs in South Korea?
Who is the secretary general of the Arab Maghreb Union?
When was Sensodyne company established?
Who is the original singer of "Lila"?
When was the Westminster Assembly of Divines established?
What is the average age of female puberty in the Continent of Africa?
Who was the first Arab physician to know smallpox?
Who are the Arcadians?
When was the Royal College of Physicians established in Britain?
How many dams are in Ethiopia?
What is the percentage of silver in the earth's crust?
When was the Mulan animation film released?
What are the medicines known as PrEP that prevents HIV infection?
What is the highest intelligence quotient "IQ" score?
How many valence electrons are in a copper atom?
Does the polar bear live in Antarctica?
Who divided the Middle East after an agreement after the World War One?
Who was the first tsar of Russia?
In what year was the Syrian series "Khan Al-Harer" produced?
Who was the president of Indonesia in 2004?
Where is Italo train?
How many verses are in Surah Ash-Shu'ara?
What is the capital of Yugoslavia?
When was Uruguay national football team established?
How many stations are in Algiers Metro?
What is the number of carbon atoms that form cortisone?
What was the reason for the apostasy of the Arab tribes after Prophet Muhammad's death?
When has the first case of cervical cancer in the world been recorded?
How many anal layers are there?
What is the maximum term limit for a U.S. president?
Do you study for Bachelor of physiology in Canada?
When was the Syrian Tishreen newspaper established ?
How can we increase IQ level for children?
In what year did Sudan get its independence from Egypt and the United Kingdom and declared the republic?
When was Alfred Dreyfus  born?
What is the third biggest city in France?
How many playgrounds are in Australia Tasmania?
How many religions are there in Egypt?
What is male garlic?
How many champions has the Tunisia National football team won?
What is the small entertainer?
Has the Chancellor of Germany Angela Merkel ever visited Russia?
When did Charles IV of Spain succeed to the throne?
What is the most populated Islamic country?
How many episodes are there in Lost series?
How many times has the name Pharaoh been mentioned explicitly in Surah Al-Qasas?
How many sisters and brothers?
Who built Dolmabahce Palace?
What is the possibility of the outbreak of World War III?
Who was the first Arab singer to win in Star Academy program?
In which year was magnetic resonance imaging invented?
Who was the protagonist of "Split" movie?
What is the perceentage of Shia in Bahrain?
When was Joseph Haydn born?
When did queen Balqis die?
What is the storage capacity of a DVD?
What is IP code?
Who was the captain of Mary Celeste Ship?
When was balloon invented?
Are rodents considered among the most likely creatures to carry lassa virus?
When was Surah Al-Fatiha revealed?
What is the ruling of hijab in Islam?
Who is the current Republican Guard Commander in Yemen?
What is the academic degree that the late poet Nizar Qabbani held?
What is the name of the wife of the Portuguese player, Ronaldo?
When was MiG-28 fighter produced?
Did Islam build its foundations on Christianity?
What is sand boil?
Who is the inventor of cloud storage system?
What is the highest mountain in Vietnam?
How heavy is an adult eagle?
Who is the inventor of telescope?
What height is Zakho from the sea level?
When was the Sudanese opponent Hassan Al-Turabi placed under house arrest?
How many books of the Old Testament are there?
What is a hologram?
When did the series The End of Evangelion end?
Who is the richest businessman in Egypt?
When did they start using laser in medicine?
Why were the stories about pig-faced women written?
When was the establishment of the first retirement home in Syria?
What is the average flight speed of a golden eagle?
What is Taylor Swift's first album?
How old was President Anwar Sadat when he was assassinated?
Has Brad Pitt won an Oscar?
What is the difference between cars using petrol car engines, and those using electric car engines in terms of environmental pollution?
What was the first movie that Harrison Ford participated in?
Where is the origion of Sikhism?
What are the main languages among the ancient Iranian languages?
What is the distance between Baghdad and Mosul?
How to reduce melanin production in skin?
Do Harry Potter series books violate the laws of Christianity?
What is the first music album of Justin Timerlake?
Who is the discoverer of vitamin d?
How many kinds of acne are there?
When was the first American subway network established?
What is Willa Cather's first work?
Who is the tallest human being according to Guinness World Records?
How much time does the sperm take to get to the egg?
What are the works of Leonardo da Vinci?
What is the average individual income in Austria in 2018?
When was the broadcast of the first TV series?
When was the City of Salt novel published?
What is the nationality of Said Akl?
How heavy is a mammoth?
How big are the American losses due to Pearl Harbor attack?
Who was the youngest Saudi king?
What is the name of Heather Rich's killer?
How old is the fetus when his limbs begin to form?
How many slums are in Cairo?
When did Ahmed Zewail win King Faisal international Prize?
Who is Al-Ma'mun the first Abassid commander of the believers?
When did the first financial crisis of the European Union happen?
When was the Confideration of African Football founded?
How many canines do a human have?
How does adobe flash help in running multimedia sites?
Has Sweden ever won the European Football Championship?
Where did Jean Paul Charles Aymard Sartre move after finishing his education in Germany?
Who is the founder of H&M company?
What is the population of Saudi Arabia in 2009?
How many movies has Quentin Jerome Tarantino directed?
Who was the first Abassid governor of Iraq?
Does cyberbullying constitute a threat to the lives of minors?
When was Saving Private Ryan movie premiered?
What are the most famous works of Sheikh Zayed bin Sultan?
When was the WWE established?
How many cranial nerves are there in an adult?
what are the components of the circulatory system?
Is Vatican on the list of UNESCO as one of the international heritage sites?
How many toes does an African elephant have?
When was freedom of religion applied in the Arab Maghreb?
From what has Allah created Jinn?
What is the penalty of rape in Morocco?
Who is Simon Bolivar?
Who was the first Arab woman to participate in the Olympics?
Who won the battle of Midway?
How dangerous is nervous system atrophy?
When was the first time for Muritania to participate in Africa Cup of Nations?
How many times has England participated in World Cup?
When was the astronaut Valentina Tereshkova awarded Hero of the Soviet Union?
When was oil discovered?
How much are the Moroccoan industrial exports in 2017?
Where was Abdallah ibn al-Husayn al-Mahdi, the founder of Fatimid Caliphate born?
Is the Urdu comma the same as the Arabic comma?
When was the Pharaoh civilization established?
What is the highest dune?
Is Potoo considered a migrant bird?
What is the first African country to have a woman as a president?
What is the email of Public Health Association?
Who is the first Lebanese president after independence?
How far is Giza pyramid complex from the capital of Egypt?
Who built the Cathedral of Saint Michael in Paris?
When was the Association of New Architects established?
When was the novel "Delirium" published?
Who was the first to diagnose bronchiolitis?
Who is the third president of the united states?
What is Qatar famous for?
When was bird flu discovered for the first time?
When was the Ikhshidid dynasty founded?
Is "For Esme ـــــــــــــــــــــــــــ with Love and Squalor" a true story?
Which team won the Bundesliga in 2018?
Where is the acoustic area?
Who is the first human being?
Why did Turkish drama spread all over the world?
Was Jabir ibn Hayyan interested in pharmacology?
Who is the dubbing artist that performed the flying falcon in the Arabic dubbing of Toy Story 3?
What are the economic indicators?
When was the Syriac Christianity established?
What is the melting point of hydrochloric acid?
How do green houses improve the state of global warming?
How far is Qalqilya from Jerusalem?
What is the maximum height of Iranian drones?
How long is the highway network in Egypt?
Can Yemeni citizens enter Qatar without a visa?
Who is the first winner of Nobel Prize?
Who established Sheba civilization?
Who is the wife of Ibn al-Qayyim?
How long is the Silk Road?
How many nationalities does the Lebanese scientist (Michael Atiyah) hold?
When was the litterateur Jean-Jacque Rousseau born?
When was the first Arabic newspaper published?
Was Avicii married?
What is the capital of Canada?
How to inject in the vein with a needle?
Where is the biggest gathering of Circassians?
Where is the biggest mosque in the world located?
When did the civil war in Libya outbreak?
Can carpets be manufactured?
How much is the highway ticket in Hungary?
What is the fruit that fell on Einstein's head?
Can Near Earth Objects collide with the planet Earth?
Where is the biggest military base in the world located?
What is the maximum speed allowed to an ambulance in states of emergency?
Is Chinese the most difficult language in the world?
What are the reasons for abnormal posturing?
When did David Cameron die?
Can children understand at the age of three?
How big is Honolulu?
Who is the current president of the Democratic Republic of the Congo?
Who is the founder of Franciscans in Egypt?
What is reason for the Battle of Marawi?
What is first publication house in the world?
How many books are in the Gospel of Mark?
What is the Apostolic Palace?
Who is the founder of St. Louis Rams?
What is the atomic number of ozone?
When was the first kidney transplantation operation?
Who is the eleventh president of the united states?
What does it mean to have blood in stool?
What is neurobiology?
Where was the American interviewer Oprah Winfrey born?
How far is Failaka island from the Kuwaiti Coast?
When was Abba's first album released?
Who is the mother of Abd al-Karim al-Jili?
Who is the first king of Scotland?
Who is the first emperor in the ancient Greek civilization?
How many children does the late Sheikh Nimr al-Nimr have?
How much is an Audi r8?
How to identify a computer sound card?
Which team in Italy won Serie A 2019?
Who was the president of the United States of America in 2000?
What is the number of the Yemeni Jews?
Does lack of vitamin c cause hair fall out?
Which protein forms eye membrane?
Who is the author of The Alive and the Dead ?
What is the unemployment rate in France?
Is applied behavior analysis listed in applied psychology?
How many champions did Jose Mourinho win with Real Madrid?
What was the first university to award Ph.D.?
When was first contact lens manufactured?
When was the first case of sickle cell anemia diagnosed?
When was the release of Berserk's first episode?
When did Jerome David Salinger live?
Who founded the Wahhabism Islamic movement?
Is the archbishop higher in rank than the bishop?
What are the most famous works of Don Quixote?
How far is Berlin from Stuttgart?
When did the history of Tuareg people begin?
How big is Latakia?
What size is Algeria Djelfa Province?
For how many years do the Rashidun Caliphs rule?
What is the biggest city in Syria?
What is asparagales?
How to avoid security violations?
What is the official currency in Albania?
What is fish memory?
When was the first Golden Globe awarded?
When did Benin get to Africa Cup of Nations quarter-final for the first time?
When has the Four Asian Tigers been founded?
How many goals did the net of Qatar national football team receive in AFC Asian Cup 2019?
What is the average age of a human?
When was the first radiant metal discovered?
What is the number of the major Christian factions?
How many ethnic groups are in Iraq?
Is practising Zoroastrianism allowed in Iran?
How did Hannibal die?
What is the gland that produces luteinizing hormone?
Does the atomic attack on Heroshima and Nagazaki still affect the quality of air till our current time?
Who helped the Jews to settle down in Palestine?
Can plastic melt in water?
What is the highest IQ score?
Is there livestock in Morocco?
Where is the Roman camp Castra located?
How many American bases are in Bahrain?
How much time did the United States take to plan for the war against Iraq?
What is the biggest city in Yemen?
Where did the Prophet Jesus Christ live?
When was the release of the movie that was based on the novel "Love in the Time of Cholera"?
Who is the author of "A Visit to Heaven and Hell" book?
What are the three main religions in Asia?
Are sexual diseases transmittable through kissing?
How many wives did Prophet Abraham have?
How long is the pregnancy period of domestic cats?
When was the Internet invented?
At what age do children get their first vaccine?
What is the first book of the Old Testament?
how much does a motherboard cooling fan cost in average?
how much flour is used for preparing Asida?
Who is Gabriel?
Who was the first scientist to measure the speed of light?
What is the land area of Diyala province?
When did the the New Kingdom decline?
How many countries participated in the Invasion of Normandy?
When was St. Basil's Cathedral established in Moscow?
When was the first edition of Pro Evolution Soccer released?
When did the Azerbaijani poet Nizami Ganjavi die?
Which club in the world won the Double the most?
How many forms of erosion are there?
How does personal data get hacked?
Is there a treatment for Marburg virus disease?
When was Spike Lee born?
Can women rape men?
Who was the Queen of England in 1950?
Is The economy of Maghreb region affected by the economy of Spain?
What is the population of Tripoli, Lebanon?
Who is the founder of Space Toon channel?
What is the area of India?
When was the French Turkish war?
Who defended the holy Kaaba when it was attacked by Abraha Al-Habashi?
What is the fastest fighter aircraft in the world?
How many rivers in Jordan?
What does growing old mean in humans?
Why is South America called Latin America?
When was Abu Mansour Almetrada born?
How many pages is the novel Don Quixote de la Mancha?
When were the rules of Clients’ Relationship Management developed?
Which entity hands France's Cesar Awards?
How many electrons does xenon have?
Who is the founder of the Emirate of Aleppo?
When was Like the Flowing River written?
Who are the Mahjar poets?
Who was the first man to discover bones of dinosaurs?
Which province is the largest in Canada?
What is the estimated age of Africa?
Can chemotherapy kill cancer cells?
When were condoms used for the first time?
What is the most important archaeological site in Lebanon?
When did Whitney Houston release her first album?
Is Indiana Jones dead?
When did the Battle of Rignano end?
Is the average length of a male fox differs from a female’s?
Is opium legal in the United States?
He directed the film Loch Ness monster?
What is the area of Sanaa?
Who built the Palace of Medina Azahara in Spain?
How long is the tree of heaven?
Who is the founder of the Republic of Colombia?
What is the area of ​​the Middle East?
What is the percentage of rape in Brazil?
When was New South Wales founded?
Is Munich self-ruled?
What is the main component of the bones?
Where did Mohamed Mohamed el-Amir Awad el-Sayed Atta die?
Is there an artificial human liver?
Who was the Minister of Foreign Affairs of Yemen during the reign of President Ibrahim al-Hamdi?
Are extreme sports dangerous?
Is it possible for a child to be born with both reproductive organs?
How many children does Jose Eloy Alfaro Delgado have?
What kind of treaties is the Treaty of Constantinople?
Which women’s team has won the Women’s World Cup the most?
How many isotopes does cadmium have?
Are gays allowed to join army in Israel?
Who was the last person to die from the Titanic?
When was Rolls-Royce founded?
When was the Abbasid Kingdom founded?
What is a country?
Who was the first to develop the theory of Empirical Law?
Who is the founder of Guinness World Records?
Is fasting practiced in Buddhism?
How long does a turtle live in average?
Where is the mouth of the Dnieper River?
What is the amount of proteins the body needs?
How long is the international date line?
How many Rakat in night prayer (Qiyam)?
In which period did Moha Ou Hammou Zayani?
What causes attention deficit?
When was Aeptzg University founded?
Is Tunisia a developing country?
How many soldiers are in the Egyptian army?
Who played the role of Al-edashri in the first season of the Syrian series Bab El Hara?
What is the amount of iron in the blood of an adult?
What is the origin of the word “Turs” (shield)?
Who is the president of the Tunisian football national team?
What are the main valves of the heart?
Who is the first woman to serve as a president of a country in the world?
What is the psychological impact of the Israeli occupation on Palestinian children?
Who was the first Secretary General of the United Nations?
How far is Antarctica from South Africa?
What is the second book of the Old Testament the Tanakh?
When was Ferdinand VII crowned as king of Spain?
When did the Islamic Expansion stop?
What is the name of the last king of the Pharaohs?
How many people died as a result of armed violence in the United States in 2017?
Who founded the diagnostic psychology?
What was the last poem Nizar Qabbani wrote before he died?
Is the Marshal higher than lieutenant general in ranks of Syrian military?
Who is the current owner of Glaxo Smith Kline?
Is the e-mail considered as a nonverbal communication?
What is the least intensive fuel among all fuel types?
What is the largest wind farm in Africa?
Are striped hyenas dangerous?
Did the Libyan army succeed in occupying Chad?
When was the vocational education adopted in Yemen?
What is the sound of tigers called?
When was youm7 website launched?
When was Bollywood created?
Where was the oldest cuneiform script discovered?
Where did Muhammad ibn Jarir al-Tabari live?
What were the ranks of the ground forces of the Russian Federation in 2000?
Why is Beqaa Governorate called the Beqaa Valley’s Bride?
Who is Qaboos of Oman?
When was Tesla established?
From \ who
Is the global dimming threat to the human lives?
What is meant by premature babies?
Is hijab compulsory in the Jewish religion?
What is gravity?
Who is the designer of the Ka'ba clothing?
Who is the current president of the Palestinian Authority?
What are the most prominent achievements of Zaha Hadid?
When did John Cena join the Wrestling Federation?
Which scientist articulated the uncertainty principle in physics?
Which country manufactures the tank T - 80?
Does the book Theory of Architecture presents the ideas discussed in an attempt to explore the foundations of architectural design?
Where are the largest corn farms in the world located?
What is the area of Western Sahara?
Which star did the Magi follow to find the Jesus Christ birth place?
What is the largest city in Catalonia?
What is Avoidant personality disorder?
When was New York Upstate Medical University, Syracuse founded?
What is Young's modulus of steel?
Who was the president of Romania in 2001?
How many Muslim soldiers fought in the battle of Ain Jalut?
What is the area of Jerusalem?
Could a human head transplant surgery be done?
Who is the historic top scorer of Sheffield Wednesday?
What is the reason behind Muslims defeat in the Battle of Uhud?
Who is the founder of Isfahan?
Who is the author of the novel
Where is Malbork Castle located?
How much area can a fission bomb destroy?
How can I avoid getting deep venous thrombosis?
What is Amsterdam’s Red Light District?
When did tango dance appear?
What is the largest natural reserve for Javan Rhinoceros?
What is isotopes?
How many nucleotides are in a an animal cell?
Is susceptibility to diabetes of the young caused by genetic factors?
Who was the caliph of Muslims in Morocco in 1200 AD?
Who diagnosed the first case of cholera?
Is there freedom of belief in Libya?
How many African countries hosted the World Cup?
Is it possible to differentiate between Comorbidity and other psychiatric diseases?
Are there intercontinental ballistic missiles?
What type of soil in Hungary?
At what age did Stephen Jay Gould die?
How many verses are in surat Al-Alaq?
What is the oldest University in New York City?
When was anti-terrorism law issued in Tunisia?
When did the Mongols burn Baghdad library?
Is establishing relationships useful in the treatment of Post-traumatic stress disorder?
What are the elements of post modernism?
Who was the first king of Spain?
What is the capital of Monaco?
Who is the mayor of the city of Rosetta?
Where is the largest lake in Spain located?
Who is the director of the anime Carrie Cano?
Who is the author of the novel The Old City?
When was Baghdad founded?
It is the story of the film Lawrence of Arabia a real one?
What are the types of globalization?
Which American president has patents?
Where did the Greeks live?
What is the unemployment rate in Ethiopia?
What are the most famous tourist attractions in Croatia?
When was Pope Francis II born?
How far is Al-Bireh from Gaza Strip?
Who built the Great Wall of China?
Through how many countries do the Caucasus Mountains run?
Which planes were used in the September 11 terrorist attacks?
Which organ is responsible for the immunity in the human body?
When was Sheikh Tawfiq bin Mohammed Alwan born?
Where was Alfonso X, the Wise, born ?
For how many years did Eden Hazard play for Chelsea?
Who wrote the novel Using Life?
What is the most important principle of disasters prevention?
Where is the Sanctuary of Our Lady Fatima located?
When was Julie Andem born?
Who discovered the white matter of the brain?
When was Archimedes' principle of buoyancy discovered?
When was the University of Chicago founded?
Are there any statistics about the number of ground troops of the Egyptian army?
Where was Sultan Pasha al-Atrash buried?
What is the official currency of East Timor?
In which year did Orange Free State in South Africa end?
How many deaths were associated with the Chernobyl disaster?
When was the The Book of Misers by Al-Jahiz issued?
When were the Petronas Twin Towers built in Malaysia?
How many ships disappeared in the Bermuda Triangle?
Where is the Red Sea located?
How many ports are there in Algeria?
What is aṣ-Ṣirāṭ al-mustaqīm (the right path)?
What was the percentage of votes for UK to leave the EU?
When was the Congo River discovered?
When was Fatah Revolutionary Council established?
When was the natural gas discovered in Yemen?
When was Accenture company founded?
How does Radio-frequency Identification work?
Where was Euclid born?
Why was the name of the Vietnamese capital changed?
How far is the planet Venus from Earth?
What is the height of Mount Hebron?
When did France become secular?
When did Sweden declare the legality of some or all abortion practices?
When was the first church in ** established ?
Who is the founder of the United Nations Development Program?
When was the first branch of McDonald's opened in the Arab world?
When was Innsbruck founded?
What is the components of gallstones?
Is self Ijtihad allowed in Islam?
Which country has the most powerful weapon?
How many fans attended the 2002 World Cup?
Who played the leading role in Breaking Bad?
Is Libya a Sufi state?
How much does the white whale weigh?
Is Descartes considered as one of the philosophers of the Renaissance?
What is the definition of a “drunk” in Islam?
Who is the inventor of the helicopter?
Which city was the Cultural Capital of the Arab Region for the year 1998?
When was The Mask of Zorro released?
In which year did the film Spotlight win the Academy Award?
When did the Swedish player Zlatan Ibrahimovic join Barcelona football club?
What is the second largest ocean?
Which country has the highest rate of poverty?
Where was the last king of Hadhramaut buried?
Who discovered electricity?
What is the largest forest in Europe?
Where is Bodiam Castle located?
Who is the first American to receive the Nobel Prize in the sciences?
How strong is the hydrogen bomb?
At what age did Baseem Youssef Wahbi die?
What muscle separates the digestive system from the respiratory system?
Which country has the largest number of fans?
Who won the Battle of Latakia?
Where did William Ford Gibson live?
In which period of time did Jason Ben Eason live?
What is Neurophysiology?
What is the second-largest Canadian province to Nunavut?
Where is Saudi Arabia located geographically?
At what age does ovulation stop?
How many kings ruled Jordan?
Where is the Hermitage Museum located?
How can bacterial infection be controlled?
How did Hussein bin Ali bin Abi Talib die?
Who is the first secretary general of the United Nations?
When did the First Punic War took place?
When was Al Gore’s film about the damages caused by Global warming released?
What was Mohamed Morsi’s job before becoming a president?
Who is the fifth guru of the Sikh religion founded by Nanak?
Is Harel Skaat a Yemeni Jew?
What is the new capital of Spain?
Is the Chlorine an artificial product made with salt?
How far is the state of Florida from Washington?
When was Chisso Corporation established?
Is it possible to register on Facebook using Google email account?
Does Flesh-eating bacteria cause damage to the limbs?
How far is the Libyan capital from Tunis the capital?
When was Mohamed Abu Al Saud Efendi born?
What is found inside the cerebral cranium?
Who founded the Iraqi Republican Guard?
What nationality is Mozart?
Are Angels real or fictitious?
When did Sia won her first MTV Music Award?
Is Ireland considered part of the British Isles?
When was Sultan Mohammed I born?
When was Windows created?
Who was the president of Egypt in 1990?
What is the percentage of Muslim population around the world in the current decade?
How did the Pharaoh die in his struggle against the Jews?
Which butterfly is the most toxic?
Is freedom of religion allowed in Libya?
When was Takiyya al-Sulaymaniyya built in Cairo?
Did the United States supply nuclear weapons to Iraq against Iran?
Who is the Egyptian scientist who won a Nobel Prize in Chemistry?
Who is Alfred Dreyfus?
Where is the home of country music?
Who is the founder of the Soviet Union?
Did Darwin study Genetics?
Which Arab countries provide alternative care?
When was St. Michel Cathedral burnt in Paris?
Is the industrial sugar harmful to human health?
When did Prophet Joseph die?
For how many European clubs did Maradona play?
When was the last episode of Game of Thrones aired?
What is chewing gum made out of?
What is the difference between **?
Who was Alfonso XIII’s grandmother?
Who built Valladolid in Spain?
Who is the current coach of Leeds United Football Club?
Is Liposuction harmful?
How far can telescopes see?
How many countries share borders with Congo?
Is cannabis illegal in Jordan?
How long is the pregnancy period of cows?
When was Cairo built?
When was Abu Musa al-Ash’ari born?
When did Joseph Haydn die?
What is the number of armed opposition groups in Syria?
At what period of time did John Jacques Rousseau live?
What is Dahab city famous for?
What are the four Gospels?
What was the first album released by the band Dave Leppard?
What is cholera?
At which period of time did Basil Rathbone live?
Who discovered the quantum mechanics?
What is Durga Puja?
Who was the first caliph of Abbasid?
What is the size of the video game market?
Who is the founder of the Republic of China?
Are Spiders a natural enemy of locusts?
Where is the largest landfill in the world located?
Is the marriage of minors common in Arab countries?
Why was was Puerto Rico named as the “rich port”?
When did Italy join the First World War?
Where is Como located?
What is the the height of Bodiam Castle?
When did Rebecca West die?
At what age did Napoleon Bonaparte die?
Who is the author of the book Ara’ Ahl Al-madina Al-fadilah?
Is there a treatment for cholera?
In which year Brunei became independent from the United Kingdom?
What is the area of ​​Finland?
Who is the UN envoy?
What kind of trees is Ginkgo biloba?
Who is fifth righteous caliph in the era of the Rashidun Caliphate?
What is the material used in building canoe vessels?
What was Einstein's IQ?
What is the area of Qatif?
Which country first made the bomber B-17 which was used in the Second World War?
What is Tsiolkovsky rocket equation?
When was the wages law introduced?
When was Isfahan founded?
What is the sponsorship system in the United Arab Emirates?
Why there is a dispute over the Second Amendment to the US Constitution?
What are the responsibilities of the United Nations?
***
What is the name of Batman in the movie?
When was the University of Göttingen established in Germany?
What is the area of ​​Myanmar?
Who built the space shuttle Hope?
When did Hala Shiha decide to wear hijab?
According to Greek mythology, how many works Hercules had done?
When was Serotonin syndrome discovered for the first time?
Why was the Palestinian city Al-Bireh named with this name?
What is the official language of Bahrain?
When was Alone in the Dark released?
How many participations Iraq had in the Asian Cup until 2018?
When did the Uruguay River pulp mill dispute happen?
When was the astronomer and physicist Shadia Habbal born?
Which city was the Cultural Capital of the Arab Region for the year 1997?
When was Orbit Showtime Network founded?
In what year did Angola join OPEC?
How many Palestinian Christians live outside Palestine?
Can the extreme fear of weight gain cause anorexia nervosa?
How many books did Ibn al-Haytham write?
What is the nuclear fallout?
How can we avoid the negative effects of mining?
What are the most famous works of Jean-Paul Charles Aymard Sartre?
What is the negative discrimination?
When was the alloy steel produced in commercial quantities?
Who is the first Umayyad Caliph?
What is the area of Finland?
What is the last of Descartes works?
What was the first mobile phone with a fingerprint scanner?
What is the name of the longest crocodile?
Who is the director of the Syrian series Al Shatat?
Who were the first Christians?
What is the largest city in Algeria?
When was Zaha Hadid born?
In which year was the University of Chicago established?
Who founded Kifri District?
Where is the largest library in the Arab world located?
How did Fidel Castro die?
Is Loch Ness monster a horse?
How many pages in the Quran?
When was Pope Urban VIII elected as the Pope of the Catholic Church?
When did the study of philosophy of human rights start in Britain?
What is the penalty for rape in the United States?
How long does the flight from Budapest to Amman take?
Does the newborn’s temperature becomes lower than it was in the womb?
How much is the British royal crown price?
When was the first Android phone released?
When did the iris recognition technology appear?
Is Boaz Ma'uda a Yemeni Jew?
Who is the Prime Minister of Australia currently?
Which dynasty was the first in the Persian Empire?
What is the penalty for not fasting Ramadan?
When was Mary the daughter of Francis born?
Why is Amr Diab called the Plateau?
How is peach tree grafted?
What is the role of a nurse?
Who is the Minister of Culture in Kuwait currently?
Who are the Samaritans?
Who was the first woman to win a medal in Olympics?
Did Mother Teresa ever receive a Nobel Peace Prize?
When was the first petrol car invented?
What is Reiwa era?
What is the area of ​​Babylon in Iraq?
What is the neutron bomb?
When was Yasser Al-Habib graduated?
How many guns are there for civilians in United States?
When did Mary of Teck daughter of Francis pass away?
When was Pope Francis born
What is the highest military rank?
Does ambulance follow traffic rules?
What is the average age of canary?
Are there any laws of alternative care in Egypt?
What is the capital of Gipuzkoa province in Basque country in Spain?
How do people get acne?
When was the Shafi'i school established?
Where is Wadi Dhar located?
Who was the first president of India after independence?
Does pernicious anemia cause frequent loss of consciousness?
How many religions are in the world?
Who is the author of opening theme of Thunder Jet in Arabic dubbing?
Is it possible to manipulate genes to create Superhumans?
What is the nationality of the composer George Pinto?
Does Asperger syndrome lead to death?
Who is Abdullah Sheikh Mohammed?
When did Egypt win the Asian Cup for the first time?
Who is the author of the novel A Gentle Spirit?
What is the cause of depression?
Where is the Hermitage Museum located?
When did the samurai era begin?
What is the oldest university in the United State?
When was Holmes and Watson released?
When was the novel Season of Migration to the North published?
How is the Central Intelligence Agency called in Russia?
Who is the female president who came to power in Pakistan?
Who is the director of Valley of the Wolves VII?
When was Rabaa Al-Adawiya Mosque in Cairo established?
Which gas makes up the largest part of the outer space between celestial bodies?
Where did the Samanid state rule?
When was the Holy Quran collected in one book?
Does the people of Munich speak Standard German?
How is steel prepared?
Who is the director of Troy?
When was the Wailing Wall built?
How many Japanese characters are there?
When was the first church in the Roman Empire built?
What is the area of Fez?
How do Christians pray?
In what year was Rabi Qurtoba series released?
What is the capital of Azerbaijan?
Why is oil called black gold?
When was the first publication of Al-Tabib magazine?
Who was the founder of Birmingham campaign?
What is the Andalusian cadence?
Who is the inventor of the electrical circuit?
What is the meaning of IPO?
How many countries have diamond mines?
Who was the founder of the Japanese Kingdom?
When was the first artificial pacemaker used?
Will a second season of the Jordanian series “Jinn” be produced?
What was the number of American forces in the World War II?
What is the currency of Turkmenistan?
When was the philosopher Keith Ward born?
Who rebuilt the Kaaba after it was damaged by fire and catapults?
How did Nicolas II die?
What was the first series directed by Rasha Sharbatji?
Who invented the Rum?
What are the similarities between Christianity and Islam?
How many countries participated in Operation Bodyguard?
Who was the President of the United States of America in 2009?
When was cancer diagnosed for the first time?
Who was the first president of Uganda?
What is the area of Alexandria?
What is the addictive chemical in the opium poppy?
What is the most popular drug for treating breast cancer currently?
What is the largest wildlife sanctuary for hippopotamus in Africa?
Who is the greatest god of the pharaohs?
When did the marketing concept emerge?
When did the Cretaceous period end?
Where in Germany is the largest percentage of sexual trafficking reported?
What is a worm virus?
Who is the first Arab to win a Nobel Prize?
In which movie did Anthony Hopkins made his first appearance?
What is the primary role of the the Red Cross?
When did the Naqshbandi Order begin?
Who is the actress who helped spread the hashtag “#MeToo"?
Which river is the longest in Algeria?
When was the movie "The King's Speech" released?
Who is the sociologist who has a statue in the heart of Tunis?
When was the first autobiography delivered?
When did the evangelical community appear in America?
What was the population of Azerbaijan in 2000?
What is the diameter of the Earth?
Is the United States the biggest exporter of weapons in the world?
When did Russia participate in the FIFA World Cup for the first time?
Can a solid object move at the speed of light?
Did the Bolsheviks win the Russian Revolution of 1917?
How many females have assumed the presidency of Canada since its foundation?
When was Dureid Lahham appointed as the United Nations Goodwill Ambassador?
How many isles are in Canary Islands?
Are premature babies at risk of developing heart diseases?
Does the word “Berber" in Arabic mean "Bedouin"?
When was Pringles founded?
Which team won the Zimbabwe Premier Soccer League in 2018?
What is the largest digital library?
How does muscle pain occur?
Who is the sixth US president?
Who is the doctor who received 1934 Nobel Prize for Medicine?
When did the British Empire reach Sharm El-Sheikh in Eygpt?
What is the penalty of using drugs in Tunisia?
What were the prices of wives in the era of Jahiliyyah?
Who is the scientist that the discovery of zero is attributed to him?
What is the largest island in the Philippines?
Does arsenic cause direct death to humans?
How big is an adult bald eagle?
Has Alphabet ever entered the Forbes Global list of major software companies?
Who was the fourth king of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia?
When was the United States Congress established?
Did Niger ever get an Olympic medal in its history?
How many Israeli combat engineering units are there?
Is Barry Lyndon a comedy?
What are the most important functions of a physician assistant?
How many modern irrigation methods?
What is the treatment of hair loss with plasma?
What is the rate of violence against women in Egypt?
Where is the island of Tanzania located?
What is the name of the engineer who oversaw the construction of the Westminster Bridge?
Is Mu'tazilah similar to Sufis?
What is the first word revealed to the Prophet Muhammad (PBUH)?
Is DNA technology a transfer of genetic information in living cells?
How can condom cover be opened?
What is my most expensive painting by Vincent Willem van Gogh?
When did Google launch its email service for the first time?
Who built the Kaaba historically?
Who is the President of the Republic of the Union of Myanmar?
Is there a volcano in Morocco?
Is circumvention useful in nature?
What are the symptoms of infection with Marburg virus?
When did Britney Spears release her first album?
What is the first type of stone used in the construction of the Great Mosque of Kilwa?
In what year was the theory of gravitational waves proven?
Is the Republic of Colombia a major drug exporter?
Who invented the Clindamycin antibiotic?
How many reasons for global blackout?
What is military intelligence?
Who is the author of the syrian film "Al moutaham Al barea'a"?
What is the native language of the people of Morocco?
When was the book "Fi Zilal al-Quran" written by Sayyid Qutb?
Who ruled Egypt in the year 700 AD?
How much is China's gross domestic product according to the latest statistics?
Who is the director of Spotlight film?
To which era in history does the oldest Islamic manuscript belong?
What is the second largest mosque in the world?
What is the residence of the President of the United States of America called?
Does Yemen contain a volcano?
What does the Marburg virus disease affect in the human body?
How did Princess Diana die?
When did Madonna convert to Judaism?
When did using the typewriter instead of the autograph start?
What was the reason for the pulp mill dispute?
What were the areas affected by the Atlantic hurricanes in 1971?
When was the novel "Nesa' enda khat elestwa' / Women at the Equator" released?
What is the cause of chronic insomnia?
Where is the night guard plate located?
What is the smallest country in NATO?
When was the American National Security Organization established?
Who is the developer of the "Resistance 2" video game?
What is the penalty for animal censorship in France?
When was the actor Jeffrey Tambor born?
Does the United Nations have a military branch?
What is the hormone produced by the body when feeling threatened?
Why did the United States occupy Afghanistan?
How many ethnic groups are there in Syria?
Who is Rashed Al-Khuzai's mother?
Who is the governor of Mazandaran city?
When was Rose Royce founded?
Can neurological sedatives be used in the treatment of hyperactivity?
How many years of basic education in Germany?
What is the largest German cities?
Is Madagascar one of the four largest islands in the world?
In what year was the UK House of Lords established?
How many times did Sevilla FC team win the Spanish Football League?
Are you studying industrial engineering in Hungary?
How many medals did Tunisia win in the 2012 Olympics?
What are the rights of women in Islam?
Who performed the voice of Charlotte in the Arabic dubbing of the film "The Princess and the Frog"?
Is fasting practiced in Hindu religion?
Who was the first president of Algeria after independence?
What was the population of Kentucky in 1870?
What is the story of the movie "Inside Out"?
Where is the danger of fascism?
How tall is Ahmed Hossam Hussein Abdelhamid?
How far is the Saudi province of Jubail from Mecca?
When did the first parliamentary elections take place in Italy?
Who wrote the personal status magazine in Tunisia?
How can the age of manuscripts be measured?
When was the film "Yes Man" released?
What is the distance between Kirkuk and Baghdad?
How many single mothers in Mexico in 2015?
What is the most famous writing of Hafiz Mahmoud?
What is the nationality of tennis player Katrina Adams?
When was the movie "Munich" released?
What are the four types of diseases?
How many tributaries of the Danube?
What is the nationality of model Claudia Schiffer?
When did the modern Olympics Games start?
How many verses of Surat At-Tawbah?
Who is the first Shia imam?
When was the city of Zakho built?
Is it possible to prevent muscle swelling?
What is the average age of a barbarian lion?
What is the second largest Dutch city after Amsterdam?
Who is responsible for the Suruç bombing 2015?
Who is the founder of the German football club Munich 1860?
Is the law of workers rights applied in Egypt?
Are grains are irrigated crops?
Is there a drug for Tracheobronchial injury?
When was Crimea separated from Ukraine?
How many years did Syria fall under the rule of Muhammad Ali Pasha?
Hkhh
Do Jews consider Arab their relatives?
When was gay marriage approved in Switzerland?
What does "a person with maternal problems" mean?
When was the first space shuttle produced?
Who is the first Palestinian liberation movement?
What are the profits of the movie "The Incredibles"?
When did the battle of Marj al-Rum occur?
How far is Uranus from Earth?
How many years did the French occupation of Syria last?
Who was the leader of Al Qaeda?
In what year did Al-Husayn ibn Ali ibn Abi Talib migrate from Mecca to Medina?
When did Spain extend its control over Cuba?
What is the first US state to legalize same-sex marriage?
When did Nelly Furtado release her first music video?
Are there branches of SAP SE in any Arab country?
Is ISIS supported by the Saudi government?
How many denominations of the Christian religion?
What is the Film noir?
Where is Tesla's factory located?
Who created the Turkish Chamber of Commerce?
How much is the air pollution in China for the year 2000?
Who is the author of the book "Toward a European Islam"?
Where are Ford cars made?
Who invented the first CV of the career path?
Is wearing silver prohibited for men in the Islamic religion according to a Qur’anic text?
What is the population of the island of Djerba?
Who is the first ambassador of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia to the United States?
What is the density of hydrogen?
When was the Republic of Chad founded?
When Sheikh Sabah Al-Ahmad Al-Jaber Al-Mubarak died?
How much is a hashish cigarette in Amsterdam?
What is the Circassian language?
Does intelligence play a role in enabling the superstates to control?
What is the country in which the percentage of sexual trade increases?
Who designed the Smalltalk programming language?
What is the language spoken in Isfahan?
Where did the Sufi Safi-ad-din Ardabili live?
When was the Human rights organization formed?
Who is the first Iraqi president after the dismissal of Saddam Hussein?
How many pages does the Cambridge Dictionary have?
How many stars does the Lieutenant hold in the Syrian Navy?
What is the maximum power of turbofan engines?
What is the capital of Russia?
Where is Boston Dynamics based?
Are Arabs considered Bedouins or are they different people?
Who found the rules of modern administrative coordination science?
Why do women know affection and affection?
Is the Atlas bear one of the species that has become completely extinct?
How much did the Palm Island project in the UAE cost?
Who occupied Lebanon in the twentieth century?
Are vegetables are irrigated crops?
What is anti proxy?
When did the Byzantine Roman Empire fall?
Is Zipiracidone considered an anti-schizophrenic drug?
How can crops be grown in the desert?
Who is the founder of the blood group system?
How far is Ain Bin Fahid from Makkah?
What are the smallest federal states in Germany?
Where is the Portuguese archaeological castle?
When was Manga the Legend of the Galactic Heroes series first introduced?
What is the cofactor in blood clotting?
What is the oldest dam in the Republic of Yemen?
What is the normal rate of blood sugar level?
Is excessive use of laser represents a danger to the body?
Where did Abdel-Qader Al-Jazaeri live?
Who was the correspondent of Al-Jazeera in Yemen in 2016?
What are the most famous herbs used in alternative medicine to treat Common cold?
What is the most Soybean exporter country?
What is the nationality of the actor Rami Malek?
Who is the governor of the city of Byblos?
How many people in the city of Mahalla El-Kubra?
What is the maximum depth of the English Channel?
How long did the revolution of the Sexenio Democrático last in the contemporary history of Spain?
Is it possible to prevent psychological violence in its early stages?
Who is the creator of the Rifle?
Are there bacteria in the human stomach?
What is the largest oil producing country?
What is the largest grain producing country in the world?
Who was the first to practice astronomy in the Renaissance?
When was the birth of ʿĀʾishah bint Abī Bakr Altimih Qurashiyyah
Do Felidae eat human flesh?
What is the metal that has the lowest percentage of natural impurities?
Who was Pharaoh?
What is the highest peak in the Republic of Kiribati?
What is the place achieved by the Turkish National Team in 2002 World Cup Tournament?
How many verses of Surat Al-Waqi'a?
What was the reason behind the Gulf War?
Are dates alkaline or acidic?
How many sexual identities are there?
When did Al-Muthanna ibn Haritha Al-Shaibani convert to Islam?
When did the Algerian resistance start?
Who were the parties to the American Civil War?
Is there a serviceable life of the satellite?
What are the symptoms of Sickle cell leukemia?
Where was golf established?
Where was the Ottoman capital?
What is the official currency of Vietnam?
How do nations rise?
Can Neurogenic shock cause death?
Who is the Prophet of God sent to the people of ʿĀd?
Who lived in the ancient Arabian Peninsula?
How many languages ​​are spoken in India?
Who is the wife of Andranik Ozanian?
What is Soot?
Are real-life stories touching sex?
Who was the ruler of Lebanon in 1945?
How fast should the Middle wind speed to become a hurricane?
Who is the first king of the Macedonian family?
Where did the French poet Paul Valéry die?
Who is the commander of the US military during Operation Desert Storm?
Does the Eared seal live a half-sea life?
Where did writer Jean-Jacques Rousseau die?
How far is Georgia from Hungary?
Who is the spiritual father of Ahmadiyya people?
Where is the Supernova found?
How old was Wilhelm I when he died?
When was the first power plant established?
How many children of King Abdullah II?
How long did Harun al-Rashid's caliphate last?
How many employees at McKinsey & Company in 2012?
What is the ruling deliberately breaking the fast in Ramadan?
How far is Sofia from Budapest?
What is the nominal sentence in the Arabic language composed of?
What is the origin of naming Europe in Greek mythology?
Is it possible to drink alcohol during Ramadan?
How big is Baku?
In which year did the Turkish dubbed series show "Under the Linden"?
What is the area of ​​Denmark?
Who is the Imam of the Shia people?
When did Mohamed Morsi die?
Who is Salah Elemam?
How many programming languages that the Windows system is built upon?
Who approves the state budget in France?
How fast is the Egyptian coast guard ships?
What is the concept of tax justice?
What is the problem of mild cognitive impairment?
Where did Abd al-Karīm al-Jīlī live?
When did Prince Ismail Pasha bin Ibrahim Al Hariri Al Rifai live?
Did the agricultural profession make learning easier?
Why is the Netherlands called lowlands?
Who is the manufacturer of the Ice Age cartoon film?
Can nuts live in Calcareous soils?
Did Maria Sharapova win a gold medal in the Olympic Games?
In what year was the Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation established?
Is Israel considered an occupying power by the United Nations?
Is Michael Jackson of Ghanaian origin?
Who is Simon Longoton's mother?
Who proposes Ovulatory shift hypothesis?
Who is the first princes of the Islamic Golden Age?
How many episodes of the animated series, Monarch: The Big Bear of Tallac?
When was the Xbox 360 released?
What is the population of Kabylie?
Who invented Photolithography?
Did he speak French?
What is the effect of sea winds on buildings and facilities?
When was Amr bin Luhai born?
Where is Sitia located?
Can polio affect the Embryo before birth?
How many types of diabetes?
Did the state of Yugoslavia break up into small states during World War II?
Why was the judge Abu Bakr al-Bāqillānī titled with Sheikh of the Sunnah?
Who founded the "Men's Health" magazine?
How heavy was John Cena in 2010?
How many countries does the Andes Mountains range extend?
When did Don Quixote die?
Who is the largest oil producing country in the world?
When did President Borut Pahor take over the presidency of Slovenia?
What is the most rice producing country in the world?
When did AMD acquire ETI?
Who was the first person to diagnose diabetes?
What is the relationship of kinship between Michael and Janet Jackson?
When was Jabal al-Nour discovered?
Has the American military campaign against Iraq succeeded?
When did the world's first food delivery service start?
What land did the Göktürks settle in?
How many victims of the Spanish occupation of South America?
Who was awarded the first Albert Einstein World Science Prize?
What is the population of the city of Zakho?
What is the activity of the American organization Suffragette?
What does the ASP.net function mean for active server pages?
How many letters in the Chinese language?
Who is the inventor of zero?
Who does family planning services include?
How many sons / daughters of Muhammad bin Ahmed bin Nabhan bin Khader?
How many German provinces are there?
How much hydrochloric acid density is?
Where was Pablo Emilio Escobar buried?
How many sons of George Wint Hensley?
Who is the first president of the Republic of Finland?
How many countries have land borders with Azerbaijan?
What is the name of the US base in Germany?
When was the rule of the rightly guided Caliphs?
In what year was the British House of Commons founded?
Do sharks live in the Dominican Republic?
Where are the oldest skyscrapers in the world?
Who is the innovator of orthodontics?
What are the three services for Christian midnight prayer?
The most famous traveler of the third century AH?
Is it sufficient to give women the right to drive only in Saudi Arabia?
What is the small screen?
What are the oldest fossils found in Iceland?
How much is the value of the hardness of Sodium?
What is the nationality of the poet Amal Donqol?
Who is the Python developer?
What is the strongest Arab army?
Where was John the Baptizer born?
Have any Arab ever won a Nobel Prize in Medicine?
How old isImran Ahmed Khan Niazi?
How to deal with religious minorities?
When did the Egyptian armed forces start their first wars?
What is the proportion of desert lands in Syria?
When was the sound card used for IBM compatible computers?
What is the name of Leopard son?
Is eradication of my reproductive organs a moral act?
Who is the current Iraqi Prime Minister?
Who implemented the Balfour Declaration?
How many countries does the World Heritage Committee consist of?
When was the launch of the Google Now app?
What is the relationship of Christianity to Judaism?
In which country is the ancient Minab located?
What is the capital of Turkmenistan?
How tall is the mountain of Luweibdeh?
Why does a Muslim woman wear a headscarf?
How did Miguel Primo de Rivera die?
Is insulin colorless?
Is clindamycin an effective antidote?
Do peoples want freedom?
When was Skull and Bones established?
What is anatomy?
When was the first material recycling facility established in the Arab world?
What is the first Albacino movie?
When did Paulo Coelho produce the Spy novel?
When did the civil war between Sunnis and Shai erupt?
How many known books of Shafi'i?
What is the fabric of thyroid glands?
How many islands belonging to Algeria?
How did Joseph Hayden composer die?
What is the capital of Arab culture for the year 1996?
What is the name of the first German president to be appointed after Adolf Hitler?
What is the normal amount of secretion of the serotonin in the body?
When was the movie "Amistad" released?
Who is the director of Amistad?
Who is the current emperor of Japan?
Have you ever been crowned Manchester City in the European Champions League?
What was Jerome David Salinger's first works?
Who is the author of the Neon Genesis Evangelion series?
How many Slavic peoples?
Is there freedom of information in Jordan?
What is the Verbal noun in the Arabic language?
When is the International Day of Non-Violence?
Who is Crash Benedict's sister?
How many tributaries of the Euphrates?
In what year did the Prophet Muhammad (PBUH) make the Farewell Pilgrimage?
What is the ruling sect in Syria?
What is the nationality of the mother of the tenth Ottoman Sultan?
Who used oil for the first time in manufacturing engines?
When is the Continental drift likely to occur?
In what year did the BBC start broadcasting TV to the public?
When did the term Globalization first appear?
When was the first version of Britain's Got Talent?
Who is the first messenger revealed to heavenly books?
How many championships belt does Robert Road Jr., the Canadian professional wrestler, get?
What is the maximum distance possible to dive in the ocean?
What is the most famous play by Miguel de Cervantes?
When will the construction of the Etihad Stadium?
When was the city of Zabid established?
How Stephen Jay Gold died?
How many times has Al Ahly SC won the African Champions League?
In what year did the first Crusade happen?
How to avoid sexually transmitted diseases?
When was the Princess Rapunzel movie shown in Egypt?
What color is Bigfoot or the ape-like creature with a big foot?
When was Google established?
Who was the Prophet Muhammad's favorite wife?
When was the greenhouse first used?
How long did the Second Congo War last?
Who won the European Championship of Nations in 2004?
When were the images approved in the press the first time?
How many historically registered civilizations lived in the land of the Shaam?
In what year were Baghdad offices burned?
Who is Kentucky Governor No. 40?
What is the capital of the Republic of Botswana?
When does the Women's Rights Organization form?
How much is Egypt's revenue from the tourism sector in 2012?
Who is the president no. 40 of the United States?
When was the city of Mazandaran built?
Who is the ruler of Algeria now?
Does business automation increase unemployment?
What degree of electrical intensity does the body bear in amps?
What are the effects that were destroyed by ISIS?
When did Tunisia enjoy the right to freedom of expression?
How many sons of Caroline Ansbach?
Who is the Minister of Higher Education in the United States now?
How many layers of Jahannam are in Islam?
Is studying genetics in the Tunisian baccalaureate?
Was Beirut the house of Abu Zaid Abdul Rahman bin Muhammad bin Darwish?
Who is the first king of Germany?
When was Greenland discovered?
Why did the United Arab Republic not succeed?
Is Solomon's Temple real or myth?
When was the launch of the Stereo I Space Probe?
Where does Sheikh Yusuf al-Qaradawi live?
Were the Arab revolutions an illusion and plans by foreign hands?
Is Nelly Furtado married?
How many Champions League?
Who is the first Abbasid caliph?
When were the Punic Wars?
Is there a limit to the number of gods in ancient Greek civilization?
What is Spain's economic ranking among the European Union countries?
What color is the Komodo dragon?
When did Pope Francis visit the United Arab Emirates?
When did cholera outbreak in the world?
When was the Arabic (RT) channel launched?
Have any Qatari forces participated in the Arab alliance established by Saudi Arabia?
What is the cause of anorexia?
What is the first position held by Yusuf Mohamed Mohamed Abdel Wahab Al-Sibai?
What is the biggest fish in the world?
How much is the value of the dollar compared to the Lebanese dirham?
What is the capital of Canada?
When was the Momento movie released?
How many episodes in Breaking Bad series?
When was the Khalid ibn al-Walid Mosque in Damascus demolished?
When was the Israeli Knesset established?
When was the Shai sect established?
What is the capital of Arab culture for 1999?
Who is the singer who performed the song (rehab)?
When did the Raqqa military operation begin against the Islamic State?
When was the movie "In Search of Noah's Ark" released?
What does the word (vodka) mean in Russian?
Who is the head of the United Nations Development Program for the year 2014?
How many Queens of Britain assumed the throne are from of the Queen Isabelle dynasty?
Is it possible to smoke indoors in Berlin?
What is the first country to manufacture a submarine?
How many mental illnesses are officially registered?
Is there a celebration of the National Day of the Indigenous People in Canada?
What is the specialty of GlaxoSmithKline?
How many digits are in the strong password?
What is the Spanish province in which Barcelona is located?
When was the Hungarian Football Association established?
Who is the first Ottoman Sultan?
How many victims in the ongoing conflict in Ukraine?
Who is the first to receive the Nobel Prize in Functional Science awarded by the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences?
When did the graphic books for anime and manga characters start?
When did Scotland first run for the FIFA World Cup?
Does the Saudi citizen deserve a visa to enter Tunisia?
How many episodes of the Attack on Titan?
What is the normal age for aging?
Why Surah Al-Baqara was revealed?
What is the role of the father in raising children?
Is there another world?
How long did the January 25 Egyptian revolution last?
When was Baghdad considered as the Abbasid capital?
Is there a specific philosophy influenced by Nazism?
What is the story that Naguib Mahfouz won the Nobel Prize in literature?
Who is Eva Brown?
What is the Vikings religion?
Who is the first queen of Britain?
Who invented the character of Mickey Mouse for the first time?
When did the Queen of Madagascar Ranavalona I rule?
What is the difference between the atomic bomb and the nuclear bomb?
When did Elizabeth I rule England?
Who is Liverpool striker for the year 2018?
Is Bupropion sufficient treatment for depression?
What does the word "Christ" mean?
Was Russia a member of NATO?
Is G-structure one of the oldest wooden structures in the world?
What are the seven Surahs in the Holy Quran?
Is Bulgaria a member of the European Union?
What is the 2016 Oscar-winning documentary?
When was the first video game launched?
Does infection with a type of dengue infection give life-long immunity?
What is the highest mountain peak in Saudi Arabia?
When did the Battle of Khaybar occur in the Gregorian date?
Is the origin of Tariq ibn Ziyad Amazigh?
Did the Egyptian army take over after the formation of the Republic in the country?
When was the American Journal of Psychiatry founded?
Is it possible to visit Ukraine?
What is the first American state in which oil was discovered?
How wide is the Strait of Gibraltar?
Who made the first flight on the helicopter?
Who is the owner of the saying "to be or not to be"?
When did the Iraq war erupt?
What is the first chocolate in the world?
What is the first Arab skyscraper?
Who was the world champion in golf in 2017?
When was the Minority Report released?
What is the oldest mosque in Palestine after Jerusalem?
Who is currently ranked first in the men's tennis players ranking?
When was the railroad road opened in Tripoli, Libya?
How many adherents of Judaism in 2010?
What are the medical tools devised by Arab physician Al-Zahrawi?
Who is the first surgeon in the world?
Where was Muhammad Salih al-Jolani buried?
Is gender equality in Lebanon?
Where is Karnak Temple located?
What is the first touch screen mobile phone?
Does cancer patient lose body hair?
What is the principle of civil and political rights?
What are the most desirable jobs currently in terms of salaries?
Who is the second president of the United States of America?
Does "Dracula" mean the son of Satan?
How does the sound amplify while Adhan?
How many awards did the Dune novel win?
Is Solomon's Temple real or myth?
When is the celebration of women's global thwok?
When was the first German passport issued?
What is the largest rice producing country in the world?
What is the criticism of utilitarian theory?
Does Germany have a commercial port?
In what year was the beginning of the official union between Egypt and Libya?
How big is the Loch Ness Monster?
Is a drug made to eliminate Human immunodeficiency virus?
Where does the Karon River flow?
Who is the head of Egyptian intelligence?
How long did Alexander the Great rule?
When did the diplomat René Cassin die?
What is the highest score in the IQ scale?
Who is the second president of the United States?
How many years is the century?
Who is the Egyptian Nobel Prize winning writer?
What is the function of the small intestine?
How can the fear of Muslims be limitted?
When did Finland convert to Christianity?
Who is the current president of Trabzonspor Spo Club?
